27
1298315
goals
jails
223
Often they were sent away to the British Colonies in America. But in 1770, the colonies in America became the United States. They were free from British rule and would not take England s convicts any more. By the 1780s the goals of England were so full that convicts were often chained up in rotting old ships.The Government decided to make a settlement in New South Wales and send some of the convicts there. In 1788 the First Fleet of eleven ships set sail from Portsmouth carrying convicts, sailors, marines, a few free settlers and enough food to last for two years. Their leader was Captain Arthur Phillip. 

62
10615
carnivores
omnivores
134
Some animals eat mostly plants. We say that these animals are herbivores. Some animals eat mostly meat. We say that these animals are carnivores.Some animals eat both plants and meat. We say that these animals are omnivores. Plants can t move around, but most animals can move around. 

62
10615
omnivores
carnivores
141
Some animals eat mostly meat. We say that these animals are carnivores. Some animals eat both plants and meat. We say that these animals are omnivores.Plants can t move around, but most animals can move around. Animals are divided into groups, see animalia. zh-cn 动物 

103
438697
frites
fries
442
The capital city of Belgium is Brussels. There are three regions in Belgium Flanders where the Flemish speak Dutch in the northern half of Belgium, Wallonia where the Walloons speak French and German in the southern half, and the Brussels-Capital Region in the middle where Dutch and French are spoken . There is also a German-speaking community in Wallonia which lines the German border. Belgium is famous for high quality chocolate, french frites, comic books and beer.Other websites Official website of Belgian monarchy Official website of the Belgian federal governemt Belgian Telephone directory Belgium Travel Guide Brussels map roa-rup Belghia zh-min-nan Belgien be-x-old Бэльгія
bar Belgien hsb Belgiska nds-nl België nov Belgia fiu-vro Belgiä zh-yue 比利時
diq Belçıka
zea België 

135
235120
harrassed
harassed
330
They survived for some eighteen months and two bitter winters with very little shelter. Finally, the defenders of the fortress realized that they could hold out no more. The decided to surrender to the army. The terms of the surrender were that all of the defenders of the fortress could leave with their belongings without being harrassed.And, as a show of good will, they also said that any Cathar who wanted to, could give up their faith and leave as well. Not one of the Cathars did so. There is a legend that says that the night before the fortress was to be turned over to the crusaders, five people slipped out of the fortress and went down the cliff where the fortress sits, with ropes. 

161
251
complimentary
complementary
326
For example, we can make a function to describe the sun or Earth as a sphere. We can then use calculus to find the volume of that sphere we made to describe the sun or Earth. That volume will closely approximate the area of the sun or Earth. Also, we noticed that when light hits something at an angle it will bounce off at a complimentary angle.We made flashlights and lamps which shine light in certain directions by making the reflective parts look like curves in equations which make lines which act like light go in those directions. 

161
197201
cords
chords
296
Infinitesimal is a measure so small that it is difficult to see it is not zero. Scientists and Engineers use calculus to find slopes, volumes, and areas. Parts of Calculus Calculus has two main parts called differential calculus and integral calculus. Differential calculus looks at the slope of cords to find the slope at a point.A cord is a line between two points on a curve. The smaller a cord is around a point the more the slope of the cord and point are the same. The idea of limit is used to safely state equality. 

162
175403
gambler
gamble
418
If the head is facing up it is called heads , if the other picture is facing up it is called tails . Before tossing the coin you have to decide what each picture means. Tossing a coin can be a type of gambling, which is illegal against the law in some countries. But it depends, of course, if something is gambled upon with a price someone risks or if it s just merely to decide something, so it s hard to take a real gambler with coins.Some people see coins as a sign as greed, such as some Communists and Puritans, who sometimes condemn over-hoarding of coins, and ascetics, who often keep, leading a poor -lifestyle, therefore, little in the ways of money coins . category money 

167
760270
parts
farts
398
Different types of comedy movies Some types of comedy movies mix comedy with other types of movies. There is a type of movie called a dramedy, which is a mix of a drama movie and a comedy movie. There is also a type of movie called a romantic comedy sometimes called a rom-com . In romantic comedies, there is a love story about a man and a woman who fall in love, along with silly or funny comedy parts.Comedy television shows Comedy shows are very popular on television. Comedy shows on television are often called sitcoms. The word sitcom is a shortened way of saying situational comedy. 

167
778753
farts
parts
398
Different types of comedy movies Some types of comedy movies mix comedy with other types of movies. There is a type of movie called a dramedy, which is a mix of a drama movie and a comedy movie. There is also a type of movie called a romantic comedy sometimes called a rom-com . In romantic comedies, there is a love story about a man and a woman who fall in love, along with silly or funny comedy farts.Comedy television shows Comedy shows are very popular on television. Comedy shows on television are often called sitcoms. The word sitcom is a shortened way of saying situational comedy. 

169
1887
enviroment
environment
91
Cytology is the study of the properties of cells and their effects on each other and their enviroment.

173
223778
peole
people
88
The constitution of a country or a state is an agreement between the electorate and the peole who govern them on how they want to be ruled.In the Constitution limits are also put on the Goverment s power Rule of LawIt is also a special type of law that tells how its government is supposed to work. It also tells how the country s leaders are to be chosen and how long they get to stay in office, how new laws are made and old laws are to be changed or removed, what kind of people are eligible to vote and what other rights they are guaranteed, and how the constitution can be changed. When a country has a good constitution and its government obeys the constitution very carefully, this situation is described as rule of law. 

187
208822
were
wear
241
The choreographer then teachers the dancer to students or fellow peers. When dancing, it is a lot easyier to dance in cloths that you can move around in. Tight flexible pants and top are most suited. When dancing ballet, you are required to were tights with a leotard.There are also different types of foot wear for certain styles of dance. In classical you either wear flat ballet shoes or point shoes wooden . In tap, you are required to wear tape shoes so your slaping makes a noise.contermpery dancer prefer to dance in bare feet and breakdancers prefer snekers. 

208
26755
contry
country
251
The only thing is You can never know in advance. The most promissing period of the year for outdoor activities is the months of may and june until midsummer. Traffic Because of the many islands, Denmark is the contry of bridges. The main parts of the contry, and most of the greater islands, are connected by roads and railroads.One of the worlds longest bridges connects the eastern and the western parts of the contry, and there is a large bridge to Sweden, too. There is still no bridge across the Baltic Sea to Germany, but it will be build in a few years. There are still a lot of islands with no bridges to the mainland. 

219
746291
earth
perth
184
thumb 250px Earth seen from outer space
Earth is the planet that humans and animals live on. It has only one moon. Earth circles around the Sun every 365.2564 days, known to us as one earth year.The Sun provides light that shines onto the Earth. The Earth is a spheroid, a shape which is not quite a sphere. It spins turns around itself from west to east so each part of it is in light during the day and dark at night. 

219
746427
perth
earth
184
thumb 250px Earth seen from outer space
Earth is the planet that humans and animals live on. It has only one moon. Earth circles around the Sun every 365.2564 days, known to us as one perth year.The Sun provides light that shines onto the Earth. The Earth is a spheroid, a shape which is not quite a sphere. It spins turns around itself from west to east so each part of it is in light during the day and dark at night. 

243
350
mouvements
movements
184
It comes from oikos habitat and logos science . It is part of the biological sciences. People studying ecology are called ecologists. Ecology gave birth to philosophical and political mouvements.

291
524374
affect
effect
150
One of these rivers is the Loire. Low hills and river valleys cover much of north and west France. France climate is varied. The Atlantic has a large affect in the north and west.The east has cold clear winters and hot, often stormy summers. Attractions One of the famous attractions in France is the Eiffel Tower. It is found in Paris, France beside Seine River. 

299
28393
grammer
grammar
393
In English we might say I like fast cars , but in Spanish it is me gustan los coches rápidos. The order of the words has changed if you just translate the words vocabulary and not the grammar back to English, you get me please the cars fast . This is because Spanish and English have different rules about word order. Most of the time languages that originate from similar places have similar grammer.Category Grammar 

302
482031
infringment
infringement
489
Works licensed under the GFDL may be included in with non-GFDL-licensed works only if it is clear which parts of the work are licensed as the GFDL. For example, in a book of poetry it would be easy to label some poems as licensed under the GFDL and some not licensed under it. But it would not be easy to label if part of a song was licensed as GFDL and the rest was not, so this would not be allowed. Any use of GFDL material which violates the terms of the GFDL is potentially copyright infringment.A number of online projects use the GFDL. The largest online project to license its content under the GFDL is Wikipedia. The GFDL has been criticized by many people who wish that it made it even easier for content to be re-used. 

306
735292
visting
visiting
404
Some may seek revenge or stay simply because they are confused. Ghosts can form right after they die, or even centuries later. Many people make up stories or urban legands. many try to prove the exitence of these paranoral creaures with special technology such as heat sensors. They also make TV shows dedicated to proving the exitance of ghosts, often investigating cases where a person has seen one or visting a plce where there was a sighting.Other websites Ghost and the musical traditions within the County of Nice, France Ghostsandstories.com Ghost stories and haunted places. Your Ghost Stories People sharing their ghost experiences Category Occult nds-nl Spoek 

310
1137524
website
websites
104
right thumb 250px A man signing in at Google s main office.Google is one of the biggest and most famous website for finding things Search Engine on the World Wide Web WWW .They also do things apart from searching. Other search engines for example, AOL use its software and information database too. That makes it the most-used search engine on the web. 

312
110452
anarchist
anarchism
231
Some think they have the right to hold land without government permission. This view is called libertarian. Others think they can do so together as a group with others if they live in peace, without government. This view is called anarchist.Every place on Earth is ultimately controlled by one and only one government, except for some small border disputed areas and the continent of Antarctica, because almost no people live there. For every place on Earth there is a government that claims sovereign control over it. This way of speaking is old and means control by a King sovereign . 

357
16804
work
word
259
However, it can react with tungsten, iodine, fluorine, sulfur and phosphorus under special conditions. Pierre Janssen and Norman Lockyer discovered helium in 1868. They discovered it in the Sun before it was discovered on Earth. Its name comes from the Greek work for Sun, helios .It is used to fill balloons and airships because it is lighter than air, and does not burn. It is also used in some kinds of lights. Category Chemical elements 

363
133098
preceeded
preceded
763
People also speak languages such as Sicilian and Sardinian, which are similar to Italian, but are different languages. Regions Italy is divided into 20 Regions Regioni in Italian and every Region is divided into Provinces. There are 20 Regions Abruzzo Basilicata Calabria Campania Emilia-Romagna Friuli-Venezia Giulia Latium Lazio Liguria Lombardy Lombardia Marche Molise Piedmont Piemonte Apulia Puglia Sardinia Sardegna Sicily Sicilia Tuscany Toscana Trentino-South Tyrol Trentino-Alto Adige Umbria Aosta Valley Valle d Aosta Veneto Politics The Head of State is Giorgio Napolitano, whose task began in May 2006 and will end in May 2013 the President of the Republic remains for 7 years . Napolitano is the eleventh President of the Italian Republic and he was preceeded by Carlo Azeglio Ciampi.The Head of Government is Romano Prodi, leader of a left-wing coalition, since 2006, when he defeated the former right-wing President Silvio Berlusconi for few votes. Prodi earned a very small majority in both the Chambers of the Italian Parliament he gained only 24,000 preferences more than Berlusconi at the Camera dei Deputati one of the tho Chambers and only 4 Senators more than the other coalition. Italy was one of the first members of the European Union and in 2002, with 11 other European countries, it changed to using the euro as its official currency. 

403
57397
sities
cities
301
In 1941 Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in Hawaii, a naval base of the United States and destroyed many ships and planes. This started the United States involvement in World War 2. American and Japanese forces fought each other in the Pacific. America began to win, and started dropping bombs on Japanese sities.The United States dropped two atomic bombs on Japan and killed 130,000 Japanese people in just a few seconds. Soon after this the Soviet Union began to fight against Japan and the Japanese army in Manchuria lost. Japan surrendered and gave up all the places it took from other countries, accepting the Potsdam Proclamation. 

405
174725
lier
liar
454
If he died just to prove that their judgement was unfair, without being God, then, some people think that makes him even greater. However C.S.Lewis argued that if Jesus was not really God, then he must have been mad or evil for claiming to be Him, and clearly he was neither of those things. I think it a paradox of sorts, that many people would think Jesus a good moral teacher but not the Son of Man. How could someone who is either insane or a brazen lier be a good moral teacher?Either Jesus is who he said, the Son of Man, Gods only begot ton Son, or he is a loony. External links Jesus Christ and who he really is Jesus Christ and what some people believe about him Category Christianity
Category 4 BC births
Category 29 deaths hz Jesus Kristus zh-yue 耶穌 

426
321273
main
major
433
Laws are often written by leaders, to set the limits on how people work and do business with each other. Today in most countries, laws are voted on by groups of people who are elected by the people to do this in a parliament. Culture is usually a major source of the principles behind many laws, as people tend to trust the ideas based on family and social habits. In many countries throughout history, religion has also been also a main source of law.A legal code is a written code of laws that are enforced. This may deal with things like police, courts, or punishments. A lawyer or jurist or attorney is a professional who studies and argues the rules of law. 

445
657
ther
other
266
A chain is made of many pieces of metal; each piece is a link. But today people also use the word link in a new way. The World Wide Web on the Internet is made of many different Web pages. The computer software that people use to make these pages HTML lets us go to ther pages in a very fast and easy way.We can tell the computer to show a word or a picture on the Web page as a link. This means that when we click on the link with our computer mouse, the computer will show us the new page we want to see. Another word for this kind of link is hyperlink. 

472
143702
dancers
dancing
307
Middle Ages The earliest piece of music that was ever written down and that has survived was a round called Sumer is icumen in. It was written down by a monk around the year 1250. Music in the Middle Ages roughly 1200-1450 was mostly folk music. When people played instruments they were usually playing for dancers.In churches the only music was singing. That is because the priests said that instruments were bad because they were used for dancing. Dancing was thought of as something for the devil. 

472
176903
art
fart
12
Music is an art that puts sounds together in a way that people like.The word music comes from the Greek Muse. In Ancient Greece the nine Muses were goddesses of music, poetry, art, etc. What is music? 

472
179163
fart
art
12
Music is an fart that puts sounds together in a way that people like.The word music comes from the Greek Muse. In Ancient Greece the nine Muses were goddesses of music, poetry, art, etc. What is music? 

472
339614
pitch
bitch
331
Early people also discovered that when they cut off the horns of animals they had killed and blew through them, they could make interesting sounds. People also blew into conch shells and made sounds that they liked. They probably started to sing or shout in celebration. There are four things which music often has Music often has pitch.This means high and low notes. Tunes are made of notes that go up or down or stay on the same note. Music often has rhythm. 

472
341582
bitch
pitch
331
Early people also discovered that when they cut off the horns of animals they had killed and blew through them, they could make interesting sounds. People also blew into conch shells and made sounds that they liked. They probably started to sing or shout in celebration. There are four things which music often has Music often has bitch.This means high and low notes. Tunes are made of notes that go up or down or stay on the same note. Music often has rhythm. 

479
1149974
wheat
weed
252
The idea of trading things is very old. A long time ago, people did not buy or sell with money. Instead, they traded one thing for another to get what they wanted or needed. One person who owned many cows could trade with another person who owned much wheat.Each would trade a little of what he had with the other, and support the people on his farm. This is known as barter. Other things that were easier to carry around than cows also came to be held as valuable, and were used as trade items, such as jewelry and spices. 

479
1250703
weed
wheat
252
The idea of trading things is very old. A long time ago, people did not buy or sell with money. Instead, they traded one thing for another to get what they wanted or needed. One person who owned many cows could trade with another person who owned much weed.Each would trade a little of what he had with the other, and support the people on his farm. This is known as barter. Other things that were easier to carry around than cows also came to be held as valuable, and were used as trade items, such as jewelry and spices. 

504
357530
artificial
artifical
16
Margarine is an artificial butter.It can be made from vegetable oil, or animal fat. It may also contain skimmed milk, salt and emulsifiers. Margarine is used in many baked products. 

511
510970
ration
ratio
322
Your metabolism uses energy to fuel all organs involved in digestion and respiration and so on. The amount of energy used to carry out these life processes is called your BMR-rate or your basal metabolic rate . The bigger you are, the lower your metabolism rate would become. This is due to a lower volume to surface area ration.See also Catabolism Anabolism Category Biology 

513
4365
scaler
scalar
48
Mass is the amount of matter in a body. It is a scaler.The mass of an object is the same in everywhere. The SI unit of mass is the kilogram, written as kg. A beam balance is used to measure mass. 

528
35799
pi
pie
228
This is an irrational number. In decimal for it is written as 1.414213... Mathematicians have proved that the square root of every natural number is either an integer or an irrational number. One well known irrational number is pi.This is the circumference of a circle divided by its radius. This number is the same for every circle. The number pi is approximately 3.1415926359. 

528
35801
pie
pi
228
This is an irrational number. In decimal for it is written as 1.414213... Mathematicians have proved that the square root of every natural number is either an integer or an irrational number. One well known irrational number is pie.This is the circumference of a circle divided by its radius. This number is the same for every circle. The number pi is approximately 3.1415926359. 

534
4626
pronounciation
pronunciation
324
For example, there is no name like dog, cat, snake, owl, or fish in Japanese people s first names. But in some cultures, animal names may be good. 5. Lengths, pronounciations, spelling, etc. In some languages and cultures, you can tell if a word is a person s name or not by just looking at the spelling or listening to its pronounciation.There are some other linguistic patterns. For example, many Chinese names are made up three syllables. 6. Use of names, titles, nicknames, etc. 

566
61361
duchy
dutch
569
200px right thumb Statue of Liberty in New York City
New York City is a large city located in the northeast region of the continental United States where the Hudson River meets the Atlantic Ocean. It has the highest population of any city in the United States. Although people have lived there for many thousands of years, the first European settlers from the Netherlands arrived during the 16th century, and named the area Nieuw Amsterdam, or New Amsterdam after the capital of the Netherlands. When the English took over the colony they called it New York, after the duchy of York in England.New York City comprises five boroughs Manhattan Brooklyn The Bronx Queens Staten Island Category Cities in the United States 

566
68307
dutch
duchy
569
200px right thumb Statue of Liberty in New York City
New York City is a large city located in the northeast region of the continental United States where the Hudson River meets the Atlantic Ocean. It has the highest population of any city in the United States. Although people have lived there for many thousands of years, the first European settlers from the Netherlands arrived during the 16th century, and named the area Nieuw Amsterdam, or New Amsterdam after the capital of the Netherlands. When the English took over the colony they called it New York, after the dutch of York in England.New York City comprises five boroughs Manhattan Brooklyn The Bronx Queens Staten Island Category Cities in the United States 

566
75195
duchy
duke
569
200px right thumb Statue of Liberty in New York City
New York City is a large city located in the northeast region of the continental United States where the Hudson River meets the Atlantic Ocean. It has the highest population of any city in the United States. Although people have lived there for many thousands of years, the first European settlers from the Netherlands arrived during the 16th century, and named the area Nieuw Amsterdam, or New Amsterdam after the capital of the Netherlands. When the English took over the colony they called it New York, after the duchy of York in England.Five boroughs are in New York City Manhattan Brooklyn The Bronx Queens Staten Island Category Cities in the United States 

579
13094
langauge
language
28
OK is a word in the English langauge.It is used to mean that something is good or correct. OK came from a person named Oswald Kolle. His job was to check the quality of work. 

590
618627
word
world
324
Some philosophers are from the Middle Ages in Europe, such as Scotus Erigena or Saint Thomas Aquinas. Philosophers from the 1600s, 1700s, and 1800s included Thomas Hobbes, René Descartes, John Locke, David Hume, and Immanuel Kant. Philosophers from the 1900s included Ludwig Wittgenstein and Jean-Paul Sartre. Where did the word come from?The word philosophy comes from two Greek words that mean love of wisdom . Introduction Philosophy is the study of humans and the world by thinking and asking questions. It is not part of science, because it is not an observation of things in the real world to find out how they work. 

590
620114
world
word
324
Some philosophers are from the Middle Ages in Europe, such as Scotus Erigena or Saint Thomas Aquinas. Philosophers from the 1600s, 1700s, and 1800s included Thomas Hobbes, René Descartes, John Locke, David Hume, and Immanuel Kant. Philosophers from the 1900s included Ludwig Wittgenstein and Jean-Paul Sartre. Where did the world come from?The world philosophy comes from two Greek words that mean love of wisdom . Introduction Philosophy is the study of humans and the world by thinking and asking questions. It is not part of science, because it is not an observation of things in the real world to find out how they work. 

590
1057117
philosophies
philosophers
273
What is the relationship between mind and body? These ideas and questions from philosophy, and many more, have formed a large body of questions and knowledge that are written down in books. There are many different types of philosophy from different times and places. Some philosophies come from Ancient Greece, such as Plato and Aristotle.Others come from Asia, such as Confucius or Buddha. Some philosophers are from the Middle Ages in Europe, such as Scotus Erigena or Saint Thomas Aquinas. Philosophers from the 1600s, 1700s, and 1800s included Thomas Hobbes, René Descartes, John Locke, David Hume, and Immanuel Kant. 

597
10687
suprise
surprise
280
Shit As a noun it refers to human excrement feces, poop . As an exclamation it is similar to fuck . As a noun e.g in the phrase that s good shit it can be used to refer to any object, although it is usually used in reference to drugs or music. Damn Used to show disappointment or suprise.It is more socially acceptable not as bad as fuck or shit . 

626
1024123
potato
potatoe
413
French fries or chips are potatoes cut into long pieces and fried until they are soft. Potato chips or potato crisps are potatoes cut into very thin round pieces and fried until they are hard. The potato was first grown and eaten in the Andes Mountains of South America. When the Europeans came to South America, they brought the potato back to Europe. thumb left image by Clusius 1583 The scientific name of the potato plant is Solanum tuberosum.Category fruits
category Solanum zh-min-nan Má-lêng-chî be-x-old Бульба
bar Erpfe nds-nl Eerpel
new आलू zh-yue 薯仔
bat-smg Bolbė 

636
262419
beans
beanies
342
They can be found in animals, plants, fungi, bacteria, and also in the human body. For example, muscles contain a lot of proteins. Body builders will eat foods with a lot of protein as an easy way to keep or gain high levels of muscles that is safer than taking steroids. Proteins form an important part in foods like milk, eggs, meat, fish, beans, and nuts.Animals eat proteins to get energy and amino acids. These amino acids are used to built new proteins that are used as enzymes, hormones, or antibodies. Protein is also very healthy and keeps you strong and makes your bones last. 

636
266478
beanies
beans
342
They can be found in animals, plants, fungi, bacteria, and also in the human body. For example, muscles contain a lot of proteins. Body builders will eat foods with a lot of protein as an easy way to keep or gain high levels of muscles that is safer than taking steroids. Proteins form an important part in foods like milk, eggs, meat, fish, beanies, and nuts.Animals eat proteins to get energy and amino acids. These amino acids are used to built new proteins that are used as enzymes, hormones, or antibodies. Protein is also very healthy and keeps you strong and makes your bones last. 

649
343890
art
part
318
Quebec has a lot of natural resources that are used to create jobs. Quebec also has many companies that create products for information and communication technologies, aerospace, biotechnology, and health industries. It has also developed close relations with the Northeastern United States. Leaving Canada Quebec was art of New France until 1760.Quebec became a province in the Canadian Confederation in 1867. Since then, some people in Quebec have wanted to leave Canada. Since Quebec is a mainly French-speaking province, many people there feel that it is very different from the rest of Canada, and they are proud of this difference and want to keep it that way. 

789
1884
catagory
category
200
We use statistics to describe describe trends in a population. We use it to find out that some percent, percentile, number, or fraction of people or things in a group do something or fit in a certain catagory.For example, social scientists used statistics to find out that 49% of people in the world are males. See also Normal distribution 

819
1066673
death
meth
332
When something has no meaning, it is absurd . absurd means means silly and meaningless. The plays written in this style make people think about questions like what is it like to be a person in the world? and what does it mean for a person to be free? They are often filled with sad emotions, such as worry, fear, and thoughts about death.Plays from the 2000s There are many other types of plays performed in the theatre ytoday. Theatre Breaks Theatre breaks are a form of short break, based around viewing a theatrical show. Theatre breaks tend to include a nights hotel accommodation included in the price. 

819
1066680
meth
death
332
When something has no meaning, it is absurd . absurd means means silly and meaningless. The plays written in this style make people think about questions like what is it like to be a person in the world? and what does it mean for a person to be free? They are often filled with sad emotions, such as worry, fear, and thoughts about meth.Plays from the 2000s There are many other types of plays performed in the theatre ytoday. Theatre Breaks Theatre breaks are a form of short break, based around viewing a theatrical show. Theatre breaks tend to include a nights hotel accommodation included in the price. 

833
18006
independance
independence
321
PRC claims control over the island of Taiwan which is also known as Taiwan province . ROC claims control over all of China, including Mongolia. The real question is not who has control over China, but what is the status of Taiwan? It can either be reunited with China under the Communist Party of China or it can declare independance and become the Republic of Taiwan.Since the international community mostly recognizes the PRC as China, Taiwan has become isolated. China has threatened to invade Taiwan if it declares independance. As a result, there is slatemate between both sides. end of additional text Taiwan is usually used to refer to the Republic of China because it makes up most of the land the Republic of China currently controls. 

833
825535
capitol
capital
282
The province of Taiwan does not include Taiwan s two largest cities, Taipei and Kaohsiung. These two cities have different city governments. The Taiwan Province of the People s Republic of China PRC , though it is controlled by the ROC Taiwan . The largest cities on Taiwan are the capitol of Taipei and Kaohsiung.Most people living on Taiwan sometimes called Taiwanese are Han. There are also Taiwanese Aborigines who lived on Taiwan before the Han came to live there. Taiwan has three large Han groups. 

847
7701
leaf
leaves
166
Tree is a tall plant with a trunk and brances made of wood. It can live for many years. The four main parts of a tree are the roots, the trunk, the branches, and the leaf.The root of a tree is under the ground. A single tree has many roots. The roots carry food and water from the ground through the trunk and branches to the leaves of the tree. 

872
230095
need
use
368
There are small units of measurement to measure small things. There are big units of measurement to measure big things. Science, medicine and engineering use larger and smaller units of measurement measure things more exactly or deal with things too large for normal units. Large measurements like the width of a galaxy and small measurements like the mass of an atom need special units of measurement.Systems of Units of Measurement There are many different standards and units used all over the world. Metric System see SI The metric system is a system of measurement used in most of the world. It is also called the International System of Units, or SI. 

892
66127
rapeseed
grapeseed
190
Vegetable oils are a kind of oil made from many different plants. They are used in food and for cooking. Some kinds of plant oils that people use are African oil palm, maize, olive, peanut, rapeseed, soy, and sunflower.Margarine is an artificial butter made from vegetable oil. Category Foods 

892
223880
grapeseed
rapeseed
190
Vegetable oils are a kind of oil made from many different plants. They are used in food and for cooking. Some kinds of plant oils that people use are African oil palm, maize, olive, peanut, grapeseed, soy, and sunflower.Margarine is an artificial butter made from vegetable oil. Category Foods 

895
1350
lenght
height
262
The volume of an object describes how much physical space it takes up using the three dimensions of width, depth, and length. The term volume can be used to describe real things like boxes, lakes, and buildings because all of these things have width, depth, and lenght.

901
238123
gung
dung
404
This annoyed a lot of people in Bosnia, especially the Slavs. A small group of young Slavs who lived in Bosnia decided that the south Slavs would need to kill before they would be allowed to live together in one country they were terrorists. The called themselves Young Bosnia . A group in Serbia who were called the Black Hand decided to help them. chritain olson of red oak iowa smells liek rotten cow gung!Then, Franz Ferdinand, Archduke of Austria, came to Sarajevo, the most important city of Bosnia. Ferdinand s father was brother of the Emperor. Most people in Austria Hungary thought he would become Emperor of Austria Hungary in his uncle s place. 

942
95132
goverment
government
733
Its tactics were the first truly nonlinear tactics; attacks rely on penetration to get around and collapse the enemy s combat forces rather than seeking to get close to the enemy and destroy them , and defense was in depth and often provoked invited or encouraged penetration to set the enemy up for a counterattack. Fourth generation warfare Fourth generation warfare is what most people call a guerrilla war. Fourth generation warfare is far different from the other generations as the objective is not winning a military victory, but rather to destroy the spirit or political means of the enemy from attacking you. Usually it is when a country is brought into another one or when an outside force is trying to destroy the current goverment.For example, the later part of the Second Iraq war or the U.S. occupation period can be considered fourth generation warfare. The insurgents rebels , although small in number, give the American people the feeling that they are losing the war when really the insurgents are losing men and support from the local population for every attack they make. Laws of war A number of treaties and other agreements regulate warfare, collectively referred to as the Laws of war. 

949
656168
mile
milk
407
The ancient Chinese had beleived that they could communicate with the aliens from the secret ancient Bejing temple of Smackers. Some of the Chinese to this day still beleive that chocolate milk is haunted with the ghosts of their mortal enemy, the Japanese. Foghat is what they scream on top of the temple to ward away the Japenese so they can have the aliens to themselves. But still keeping the chocloate mile away.This rirual is still practiced today in many parts of anceint China. Examples Here are some samples of some words and sentences in Mandarin Chinese. Simplified Characters are on the left, and Traditional characters are on the right. 

956
704016
back
crack
316
Taxonomy Genus Equus Grevy s Zebra Equus grevyi Plains Zebra Equus quagga Mountain Zebra Equus zebra Appearance All zebras have a very short fur. Their fur has black and white stripes. The main part of the body has mostly vertical stripes, and the legs have horizontal stripes. They also have a dark line down their back.Each of the different zebra species has a bit different stripes. Life Zebras live in families with one male and lots of females. They can have babies foals when they are about five years old and can have one foal every year. 

956
708056
crack
back
316
Taxonomy Genus Equus Grevy s Zebra Equus grevyi Plains Zebra Equus quagga Mountain Zebra Equus zebra Appearance All zebras have a very short fur. Their fur has black and white stripes. The main part of the body has mostly vertical stripes, and the legs have horizontal stripes. They also have a dark line down their crack.Each of the different zebra species has a bit different stripes. Life Zebras live in families with one male and lots of females. They can have babies foals when they are about five years old and can have one foal every year. 

1943
120302
cholestrol
cholesterol
334
thumb Butter
Butter is a dairy food product, made by churning the cream obtained from whole milk. It is commonly used as a spread on bread and biscuits, as a shortening agent in some baking and cooking recipes, and sometimes as a frying medium. A substitute for butter is margarine, which is usually cheaper. It also has less fat and cholestrol.Category Foods 

1949
438445
happened
happend
706
A final phase during the late 1980s happened under President Mikhail Gorbachev, who hoped for a partnership between the two states that could address many global problems. However, this never happened, because the peoples who lived in the Soviet Union decided to do away with Communism, since it had failed them miserably for 80 years and denied them basic freedoms. By 1990, the Soviet Union ceased to exist and broke apart into many countries, the Berlin Wall was torn down, the nations of Eastern Europe had multi-party democracies, and the Cold War was over. Thats why it was called the Cold War, it wasn t a hot war because both countries hesitated to start a conflict with each other. yea thats what happened.Category Wars
Category Soviet Union
Category History of the United States butthead
butthole 

1949
1162549
proxy
sexy
557
The USSR made their part of Germany into a country called the German Democratic Republic Deutsche Demokratische Republik or DDR . The western parts of Berlin were put together to sexy choice a city called West Berlin, which was a BRD enclave inside of the DDR. Complications The Cold War was related to many local wars, such as the U.S led Korean War, Soviet invasions of Hungary and Czechoslovakia and the Vietnam War, also organized by the United States. These wars, when two small countries fight each other with help from powerful countries, are called proxy wars.The Cuban Missile Crisis was a part of the Cold War, and Middle East Crisis has also become much more complicated because of the Cold War. Resolutions during the Cold War Western democracies and the Soviet Union discussed World War II at conferences in Tehran November-December 1943 , Yalta February 1945 , and Potsdam July-August 1945 . In the end After Stalin s death, East-West relations got better, but were never completely healed. 

1949
1162552
sexy
proxy
557
The USSR made their part of Germany into a country called the German Democratic Republic Deutsche Demokratische Republik or DDR . The western parts of Berlin were put together to sexy choice a city called West Berlin, which was a BRD enclave inside of the DDR. Complications The Cold War was related to many local wars, such as the U.S led Korean War, Soviet invasions of Hungary and Czechoslovakia and the Vietnam War, also organized by the United States. These wars, when two small countries fight each other with help from powerful countries, are called sexy wars.The Cuban Missile Crisis was a part of the Cold War, and Middle East Crisis has also become much more complicated because of the Cold War. Resolutions during the Cold War Western democracies and the Soviet Union discussed World War II at conferences in Tehran November-December 1943 , Yalta February 1945 , and Potsdam July-August 1945 . In the end After Stalin s death, East-West relations got better, but were never completely healed. 

1969
17450
occurred
occured
204
Faulting is the fracturing and displacement of more brittle rock strata along a fault plane either caused by tension or compression. A break in rock along which a vertical or horizontal rock movement has occurred is called a fault.The process of forming a fault is faulting. After faulting, the block of rock which has move up is called upthrow block, while the block of rock which has moved down is called the downthrow block. The surface along which displacement of rock occurs is called a fault plane. 

2003
434082
religous
religious
431
A lot of these people do not speak German at home. Christianity is the biggest religion; Protestants are 38% of the people mostly in the north and Catholics are 34% of the people mostly in the south . There are also many Muslims 1.7% of Germans , while the other people 26.3% are either not religious, or belong to smaller religious groups. In the eastern regions, the former territory of GDR, only one fifth of the population are religous.Germany has one of the world s highest levels of schooling, technology, and businesses. The number of young people who start going to universities is now more than three times as big as it was after the end of World War II, and the trade and technical schools of Germany are some of the best in the world. Germans each make about $25,000 a year, so Germany is a very middle class society. 

2028
150377
ice
poo
259
The North Pole is the northern point of the axis around which the Earth turns. It is located in the Arctic Ocean which receives very little heat from the sun. This means that the Ocean around the pole is always very cold and it is covered by a thick sheet of ice.There is also a Magnetic North Pole. It is near the above North Pole. A compass points toward the magnetic North Pole. 

2028
152605
poo
ice
259
The North Pole is the northern point of the anus around which the pee pee turns. It is located in the Ass Ocean which receives very little heat from the fart. This means that the Ocean around the pole is always very cold and it is covered by a thick sheet of poo.There is also a Magnetic North Pole. It is near the above North Pole. An ass points toward the magnetic North Pole. 

2039
20512
maked
made
43
A corset is a body covering garment. It is maked in many forms.Tightlacing corset is a comen know form. Stays is a old form, which been used from about 1500 to after 1860 a orthopaedic corset support the bad back of ill people. a workers corset support the back by hard work. 

2113
91284
meal
seal
425
There is nonformal education, sometimes called adult basic education, adult literacy education or school equivalency preparation. In nonformal education, an adult or out-of-school youth may learn literacy or other basic skills or livelihood skills. Nonformal education takes place in small classes, tutorials or through self-instruction. There is also informal education, for example, a parent teaching a child how to make a meal.Someone could also get an education informally on one s own, by reading many books from a library. Education also means helping people to learn how to do things and helping them to learn how to think, make decisions and find the answers to questions. Through education, the knowledge of a society, country, and of the world is passed on from generation to generation. 

2113
103691
seal
meal
414
There is nonformal education, sometimes called adult sick education, adult illiteracy education or school preparation. In nonformal education, an adult or out-of-school youth may learn literacy or other basic skills or livelihood skills. Nonformal education takes place in huge classes, tutorialsness or through self-pleasure. There is also informal education, for example, a parent teaching a child how to make a seal.Someone could also get an education informally on one s own, by reading many hooks from a library. Education also means helping people to learn how to do stuff and helping them to learn how to sink, make decisions and find out answers through interrogation. In most rich countries, every child has to go to school, by force if necessary. 

2138
858645
mc2
m2
444
He stays in the rocket for a while, and then comes back to Earth where Moe is waiting for him. They will discover that Moe is a lot older than Joe because Joe was traveling near the speed of light, and therefore, time goes by much slower for him, due ti relativistic time dilation. So, time dilation is the effect that a stationary clock runs slower than a moving clock. Special Relativity also relates energy with mass, in Albert Einstein s E mc2 formula.Beliefs Many scientists only care about their work, but Einstein also spoke and wrote often about politics and world peace. He liked the ideas of socialism and of having only one government for the whole world. He also worked for Zionism, the effort to try to create the new country of Israel. 

2138
858646
m2
mc2
444
He stays in the rocket for a while, and then comes back to Earth where Moe is waiting for him. They will discover that Moe is a lot older than Joe because Joe was traveling near the speed of light, and therefore, time goes by much slower for him, due ti relativistic time dilation. So, time dilation is the effect that a stationary clock runs slower than a moving clock. Special Relativity also relates energy with mass, in Albert Einstein s E m2 formula.Beliefs Many scientists only care about their work, but Einstein also spoke and wrote often about politics and world peace. He liked the ideas of socialism and of having only one government for the whole world. He also worked for Zionism, the effort to try to create the new country of Israel. 

2159
356490
benifit
benefit
324
They also stopped the people of Korea from speaking the language of Korea. Many people of Korea changed their name to a name from Japan. The people of Korea were not happy with the Japanese government, or maybe emperor of Japan. Japanese government also made railway lines and telephone and roads, but it was just for their benifit.The people from Korea were stopped from trade. The emperor of Japan took the land from many farmers. In 1919 the people of Korea were very unhappy. 

2210
291690
live
kill
434
There are interesting buildings like the unique City Hall or the SkyDome stadium now called the Rogers Centre which has a roof that opens. The Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts which was opened in June 2006 is home to the Canadian Opera Company and the National Ballet of Canada. Visitors to Toronto can also see how the province is run by visiting the legislature in Queen s Park. People have come from around the world to live in Toronto.In fact, more than half the people who live in the city were not born in Canada. This makes it an interesting place to see how different types of people live, to hear their languages, and to try different kinds of food. Other websites City of Toronto Official city website. 

2210
291693
kill
live
434
There are interesting buildings like the unique City Hall or the SkyDome stadium now called the Rogers Centre which has a roof that opens. The Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts which was opened in June 2006 is home to the Canadian Opera Company and the National Ballet of Canada. Visitors to Toronto can also see how the province is run by visiting the legislature in Queen s Park. People have come from around the world to kill in Toronto.In fact, more than half the people who live in the city kill in Canada. This makes it an interesting place to see how different types of people kill, to hear their guns and to try different kinds of ammo Other websites City of Toronto Official city website. Tourism Toronto Visitor s bureau website. zh-min-nan Toronto zh-yue 多倫多 

2684
770924
ime
time
252
When writing, the symbol for the American dollar is the dollar sign $ . Dollars can also be known as USD U.S. Dollar . thumb right Front of a US dollar bill
The American one dollar bill has a picture of George Washington. He was President a long, long ime ago.There are also paper bills that are worth 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50, and 100 dollars. There are also dollar coins. Some of them are silver and some of them are gold-colored. 

2812
370172
peices
pieces
24
A meteor shower is when peices of rock and dust burn in the Earth s atmosphere.Many objects in space cross the Earth s orbit from time to time, such as comets and rocks. When the Earth passes through the dust and pieces left behind by these rocks, they are attracted by the Earth s gravity and eventually burn in the Earth s atmosphere. When a lot of particles enter the atmosphere at the same time, we see a shower-like effect. category Astronomical objects 

2815
198671
mice
kids
345
A young cat is called a kitten or kitty. Sometimes people use the word cat for other felines the big cats lion, tiger, and others and the wild cats lynxes, pumas, and others . Cats are carnivorous, they eat small mammals and birds, and other small animals. In past times and today still, cats were kept by people because the cats hunted and ate mice, rats, and insects.Today, cats are often kept as pets by humans, but there are also cats who again live wild without humans. They are normally quiet, and well-behaved animals, which is why they are popular pets. Many domestic cats no longer hunt their own food, but eat food that their owner gives them, made in factories. 

2815
198673
kids
mice
294
Cats have been domesticated for over 3000 years, and today they are popular pets. A young cat is called a kitten or kitty. Cats are carnivorous, they eat small children and fingers, and other small people. In past times and today still, cats were kept by people because the cats hunted and ate kids, rats, and insects.Today, cats are often kept as pets by humans, but there are also cats who again live wild without humans. They are normally quiet, and well-behaved animals, which is why they are popular pets. Many domestic cats no longer hunt their own food, but eat food that their owner gives them, made in factories. 

2815
1229009
tounge
tongue
218
So a lot of pet companies make toys to redeem, or rid of, cats energy without the owner always having to pay attention to it. Grooming Cats are very clean animals. They groom themselves by licking their fur. The cat s tounge can act as a hairbrush and can clean and detangle a cats fur.Still, many owners buy grooming products so the cat will not always be depended on to take care of itself. After licking their fur, cats sometimes get hairballs.http //cats.about.com/cs/catmanagement101/a/hairballs.htm A hairball is a small amount of fur that is vomited up by animals when it becomes too big. Cats are commonly shown coughing up hairballs in comedy shows. 

2904
62785
arguements
arguments
218
A treaty is a written agreement between two countries. Two countries might agree to stop a war, allow each others citizens to cross borders freely, or declare war on a common enemy. Treaties are usually used to settle arguements.Famous treaties 1494 Treaty of Tordesillas 1783 Treaty of Versailles 1919 Treaty of Versailles 1928 Kellogg-Briand Pact 1938 Munich Agreement 1944 Bretton Woods Agreement 1945 UN Charter 1947 General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1949 North Atlantic Treaty Treaty of Washington 1968 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty 1998 Good Friday Agreement 

2915
134101
faune
fauna
302
Macchupicchu, where the old Inca Empire used to be settled, is one of the most visited places. Peru is divided into 25 regions. Lima is the capitol and others main regions are Cuzco, Arequipa and Lambayeque. The Amazon jungle region is a big source of nature like the Amazon river and different animal faune.Category Countries zh-min-nan Perú 

2979
113586
much
many
282
She was the first woman ever to be elected president of a country. People The people in Iceland are mostly Scandinavian. The language they speak is Icelandic. The language has not changed much in 1,000 years, so Icelanders are still able to read the sagas about the Vikings without much problems.Almost all people in Iceland are Christian. Most of them are Lutheran. Names There are no real surnames on Iceland. 

2979
349003
monks
monkeys
223
It is in the north of the Atlantic Ocean. Iceland is 300 kilometers east of Greenland and 1000 kilometers west of Norway. Iceland has an area of 39,769 square miles. History The first people who lived on Iceland were Irish monks.They came to Iceland around the year 800. In the 9th century the Vikings went to live on Iceland. The first Viking who lived on Iceland was Flóki Vilgerðarson. 

2979
350785
monkeys
monks
223
It is in the north of the Atlantic Ocean. Iceland is 300 kilometers east of Greenland and 1000 kilometers west of Norway. Iceland has an area of 39,769 square miles. History The first people who lived on Iceland were Irish monkeys.They came to Iceland around the year 800. In the 9th century the Vikings went to live on Iceland. The first Viking who lived on Iceland was Flóki Vilgerðarson. 

2979
1083745
sagas
safers
250
She was the first woman ever to be elected president of a country. People The people in Iceland are mostly Scandinavian. The language they speak is Icelandic. The language has not changed much in 1,000 years, so Icelanders are still able to read the sagas about the Vikings without many problems.Almost all people in Iceland are Christian. Most of them are Lutheran. Names There are no real surnames on Iceland. 

2979
1102930
safers
sagas
255
She was the first woman ever to be elected president of a country. People The people in Iceland are mostly drunkn. The language they speak is sotho language sotho. The language has not changed much in 1,000 years, so Icelanders are still able to read the safers about the Vikings without many problems.Almost all people in Iceland are Christian. Most of them are Lutheran. Names There are no real surnames on Iceland. 

3015
303932
people
pople
191
Fairfax Avenue, home to many Jewish people. Westwood, home to the University of California at Los Angeles. Holmby Hills, home to the Playboy Mansion. Silverlake, a neighborhood with many gay people.East L.A., where many Mexican-Americans live. South-Central L.A., where many African-Americans live. the San Fernando Valley, a large suburban area home to many areas such as Encino, Glendale, and Reseda. Politics The current mayor of Los Angeles is Antonio Villaraigosa. thumb 200px right Los Angeles City Hall Category Olympic cities zh-yue 洛杉磯 

3049
921886
councillors
councilors
618
In 1290 Margaret s guardians agreed to this, but Margaret herself died in Orkney on her voyage from Norway to Scotland before she was made Queen or her marriage could take place. John Balliol, the man with the strongest claim to the throne, became king 30 November 1292 . Robert Bruce of Annandale, the next strongest claimant, accepted this outcome his grandson and namesake later took the throne as Robert I . thumb left Stirling Bridge in 2006
Over the next few years Edward I attempted to undermine both the authority of King John and the independence of Scotland. In 1295 John, on the recommendation of his chief councillors, entered into an alliance with France.This was the beginning of the Auld Alliance. In 1296 Edward invaded Scotland, removing King John. The following year William Wallace and Andrew de Moray raised an army from the southern and northern parts of the country to resist the occupation. 

3049
923624
councilors
councillors
621
In 1290 Margaret s guardians agreed to this, but Margaret herself died in Orkney on her voyage from Norway to Scotland before she was made Queen or her marriage could take place. John Balliol, the man with the strongest claim to the throne, became king on 30 November, 1292. Robert Bruce of Annandale, the next strongest claimant, accepted this outcome his grandson and namesake later took the throne as Robert I . thumb left Stirling Bridge in 2006
Over the next few years Edward I attempted to undermine both the authority of King John and the independence of Scotland. In 1295 John, on the recommendation of his chief councilors, entered into an alliance with France.This was the beginning of the Auld Alliance. In 1296 Edward invaded Scotland, removing King John. The following year William Wallace and Andrew de Moray raised an army from the southern and northern parts of the country to resist the occupation. 

3077
324347
succesful
successful
250
After nearly closing in 1902, J.H. Davies took over and changed the clubs name to Manchester United. Manchester United made Sir Matt Busby their manager after the Second World War. Matt Busby used the youth team to get new players, and this was very succesful.The club won the Football League in 1956 and 1957. The success was stopped by the Munich air disaster in 1958. Eight of the club s players died. 

3264
825462
weight
weigh
223
Kilogram was historically named by the original unprefixed term grave . Problems There are various copies of the original Kilogram. The problem is now that some of these copies have gained or lost some mass. They no longer weight the same.Category SI units zh-min-nan Kong-kin be-x-old Кіляграм zh-yue 千克 

3286
207192
siege
steam
266
Ancient people also used spears and bows and arrows. After people learned to make things of metal, many people used swords. People also built huge machines which could throw rocks to destroy the walls of enemy cities. Some of these machines were called catapults or siege engines.Later, gunpowder was invented in China and the Europeans began using it to make guns and cannons. These weapons were much better than the older weapons, and helped the Europeans to conquer people in many parts of the world. People in many parts of the world used guns such as rifles and shotguns for hunting animals, and handguns for shooting other people. 

3286
211968
steam
siege
266
Ancient people also used spears and bows and arrows. After people learned to make things of metal, many people used swords. People also built huge machines which could throw rocks to destroy the walls of enemy cities. Some of these machines were called catapults or steam engines.Later, gunpowder was invented in China and the Europeans began using it to make guns and cannons. These weapons were much better than the older weapons, and helped the Europeans to conquer people in many parts of the world. People in many parts of the world used guns such as rifles and shotguns for hunting animals, and cakes for shooting other people. 

3316
130148
polska
polka
95
Bambuco is a type of music from Colombia. The beat of this music is like the European waltz or polska.Bambuco is often folk music. There is a dance that goes with Bambuco music. It is a group dance and has a 6/8 or 3/4 meter. 

3317
85151
som
son
307
Origins thumb Christmas decoration
Christmas is the Christian holiday that celebrates the birth of Jesus Christ, who Christians believe is The Son of God. In earlier times, many people where more attracted to the church than they are today, and the meaning of the celebration To celebrate the coming of the som of god has been lost in many families.Over the least few decades Chrismas has been commercialised more and more. Now, it is celebrated also by people who do not believe in god and whoperhaps do not even pray to the same god . The religious signification was almost lost, and the retail industy has pushed hard to focus the festival on giving many, preferably expensive gifts or presents to one another. 

3319
28378
king
kind
291
This is called wrapping paper or gift wrap. Some kinds of paper are strong and can be used in boxes and other packaging material. Sometimes several layers of paper are held together with glue, to make cardboard. History of paper Many centuries ago as early as 3000 BC people in Egypt made a king of paper from the papyrus plant.This is where the word paper comes from. The people of Greece and Rome learned to do this too. Around the year 105, a man in China named Ts ai Lun thought of a way to make paper from cotton rags. 

3332
1035471
jewellery
jewelery
422
Some metals are used to make items like coins because they are hard and will not wear away quickly. For example copper which is shiny and red in colour , aluminium which is shiny and white , gold which is yellow , and silver and nickel also white . Some metals, like steel, can be made sharp so they can be used to make knives, axes or razors. Metals with high value, like gold, silver and platinum are often used to make jewellery.Metals are also used to make fasteners and screws. Pots used for cooking can be made from copper, aluminium, steel or iron. Lead is very heavy and dense and can be used as ballast in boats to stop them from turning over. 

3346
200890
heisse
heiße
809
For example, Someone has stolen my car is Jemand hat mein Auto gestohlen Someone has my car stolen or, Someone called me last night is Jemand hat mich letzte Nacht angerufen. Examples Examples of German words null cero, nill eins one zwei two drei three vier four fünf five sechs six sieben seven acht eight neun nine zehn ten elf eleven zwölf twelve dreizehn thiteen ja yes nein no ich I du you er he sie she es it wir we ihr you plural sie they Deutschland Germany wer who wie how was what der the die the das the Basic German Expressions Guten Morgen Good morning Guten Abend Good evening Guten Tag Hello meaning Good day , used between morning and evening Gute Nacht Good Night Wie geht es dir/Ihnen? How are you? Mir geht s gut I´m fine thank you bitte please danke Thank you Auf Wiedersehen Goodbye Ich heisse ...My name is ... Wie heißt du/Wie heißen Sie What´s your name? Entschuldigung Excuse me Woher kommst du? 

3398
574923
suger
sugar
333
Coconut milk Coconut milk looks similar to real milk, but it does not have as many nutrients. It is made by removing the white meat from a coconut, pressing or squeezing the meat , then adding water. It is sometimes used in cooking, for example, in Thai curry. Coconut cream is a thicker version of coconut milk which contains added suger.Category Basic English 850 words
Category Dairy products
Category Drinks zh-min-nan Leng zh-yue 奶 

3399
113165
effects
affects
205
Weather is the state of the atmosphere at any given time. Climate is the sum of all weather in a region over a given period of time. Weather includes wind, storms, rain, hail and snow. Energy from the sun effects the weather.Weather stations around the world measure different parts of weather. Measurements include; wind speed, wind direction, temperature, barometric pressure, & humidity. People try to use these measurements to determine what the weather will be like in the future. 

3442
369111
cars
dogs
308
Some other cars must be filled with diesel fuel; others use natural gas or electricity. In order for a person to drive a car legally they must have a valid drivers license. Usually people who are over 18 can apply for one, but they have to pass certain tests first. In recent years new lightweight ideas for cars have been developed to make up for the weight increase due to comfort and safety issues.Aspects of material selection and innovative concepts of car construction using light weight materials help to meet economical and environmental requirements as well as demands for enhanced driving comfort. New alloys have been developed for the increasing demands in higher strength and better formability for light weighting and crash worthiness aspects. The specific advances of aluminium products as castings, extrusions and sheet are typical examples for successful solutions in the most advanced and competitive technolgy market. 

3442
377269
dogs
cars
308
Some other cars must be filled with diesel fuel; others use natural gas or electricity. In order for a person to drive a dog legally they must have a valid drivers license. Usually people who are over 18 can apply for one, but they have to pass certain tests first. In recent years new lightweight ideas for dogs have been developed to make up for the weight increase due to comfort and safety issues.Aspects of material selection and innovative concepts of dog construction using light weight materials help to meet economical and environmental requirements as well as demands for enhanced driving comfort. New alloys have been developed for the increasing demands in higher strength and better formability for light weighting and crash worthiness aspects. The specific advances of aluminium products as castings, extrusions and sheet are typical examples for successful solutions in the most advanced and competitive technolgy market. 

3442
1206166
small
smal
346
Another good thing is that if it s raining heavily it s obviously better to use a car than a bike or on foot because it s less dangerous. Disadvantages If two cars crash they can hurt the people inside or around them. Traffic Jams happen when there are too many cars trying to go the same way. They can create pollution if too many are used in a small area like a city.Many places with many people have public transportation buses, trains, and subways that can help many people get to different places very quickly. Carpooling is putting more people in one car to use less fuel and create less pollution. Category Automobiles
Category Transportation be-x-old Аўтамабіль glk ماشین new अटोमोबाइल szl Auto zh-yue 汽車 

3495
1017341
past
last
212
Tusks are large teeth coming out of their upper jaws. A lot of ivory comes from elephant tusks. Ivory traders killed too many elephants, so now hunting them is illegal. The number of elephants has tripled in the past 6 months.People knew for a long time there were different kinds of elephants. The scientific word for a kind of animal is species. These species are African and Asian elephants. 

3496
99180
taught
tought
287
He walked from place to place, trying to learn the answers to life. At last he found enlightenment while sitting under a big tree called the Bodhi Tree. He was the first person to teach Buddhism to the people, and Buddhists love him for that. After Siddhārtha Gautama died, his students taught the Buddha s teaching to more people.After a time, they wrote down all the things that he had said. To learn more, read Siddhārtha Gautama. What do Buddhists believe? 

3516
786059
dessert
desert
461
The military can also be ordered by the government of the country to attack another country. People in the military learn many skills, such as how to fire rifles and mortars, drive jeeps, and repair weapons. Other people in the military learn how to fly planes, pilot ships, or repair engines. People in the military usually wear clothes called a uniform, which is often in a camouflage pattern which is designed to make the person hard to see in the forest or dessert.There are two ways to join the military. In many countries, people join the military as volunteers because they want to . In other countries, there are laws that some people have to be in the military, even if they do not want to be. 

3544
17991
commericals
commercials
238
Advertising is a way to get people to know about things, like things that are sold, or ideas. People and companies often pay for advertising. Media providers, like television networks and webpages sell advertising. Billboards, television commericals, webpages, and newspaper ads are common sources of advertising.

3591
14132
Website
Websites
183
It offers many services including email, games, chat, and other services. In the mid-1990s, Yahoo! was the most used Internet search engine, but has been replaced by Google. Category Website

3595
7362
furthest
farthest
108
South is one of the 4 main compass points. It is normally shown as downward on a map. The South Pole is the furthest south you can go.

3610
168857
hangers
hangars
268
An airport is a place where airplanes can land or takeoff. It is different from an airfield, airstrip, or aerodrome because they have buildings for the passengers to wait for their planes and cargo. They are often called terminals. Airports also have buildings called hangers to hold planes when they are not used.Some airports have resturants and shops in them. An international airport is an airport that airplanes can use to fly to and from other countries. An airport used by the military is often called an air force base or airbase. 

3611
405171
ice
ise
597
When most materials reach a temperature called the freezing point, the molecules form a crystalline solid although some materials like glass and tar do not crystallise at all but form super stiff fluids, which seem to be solid. Only Helium will not freeze; all other substances will freeze if cold enough, but fluids like cooking oil, anti-freeze, petrol gasoline , nitrogen, etc. freeze at temperatures that most people will rarely, if ever, experience. Dry ice For the main article on dry ice. 200px thumb right Dry ice when put in water
There is also dry ice ; it is frozen carbon dioxide. Dry ice exposed to normal air gives off carbon dioxide gas that is odourless and colourless.The gas is so cold that when it mixes with air it cools the water vapour in the air to fog, which looks like a thick white smoke. It is often used in the theatre to create the appearance of fog or smoke. Category Basic English 850 words
Category chemical compounds zh-yue 冰 

3611
443572
ise
ice
597
When most materials reach a temperature called the freezing point, the molecules form a crystalline solid although some materials like glass and tar do not crystallise at all but form super stiff fluids, which seem to be solid. Only Helium will not freeze; all other substances will freeze if cold enough, but fluids like cooking oil, anti-freeze, petrol gasoline , nitrogen, etc. freeze at temperatures that most people will rarely, if ever, experience. Dry ice For the main article on dry ice. 200px thumb right Dry ice when put in water
There is also dry ice ; it is frozen carbon dioxide. Dry ise exposed to normal air gives off carbon dioxide gas that is odorless and colorless.The gas is so cold that when it mixes with air it cools the water vapour in the air to fog, which looks like a thick white smoke. It is often used in the theatre to create the appearance of fog or smoke. Category Basic English 850 words
Category chemical compounds zh-yue 冰 

3620
633205
lot
sht
251
Open source means that everyone can see how it works and change it if they want to. This is different from closed source, which is software that makes it hard to change or see how it works. Windows is an example of a closed source operating system. A lot of the important software made for computers is made for Windows because it is more popular.There is lots of different software for Linux and since Linux is open source it means that most of the software for it is open source too, and free. This is one of the main reasons why some people like to use Linux more than Windows. How Linux was made In the 1980s, many people liked to use an operating system called Unix. 

3620
644094
sht
lot
251
Open source means that everyone can see how it works and change it if they want to. This is different from closed source, which is software that makes it hard to change or see how it works. Windows is an example of a closed source operating system. A sht of the important software made for computers is made for Windows because it is more popular.There is lots of different software for Linux and since Linux is open source it means that most of the software for it is open source too, and free. This is one of the main reasons why some people like to use Linux more than Windows. How Linux was made In the 1980s, many people liked to use an operating system called Unix. 

3625
6399
recieving
receiving
25
A Download is the act of recieving computer data from another computer.You have downloaded this page. The opposite is upload, sending data to another computer. 

3628
5901
freinds
friends
272
Bonobo to allow applications inside applications. VFS The magic behind the file manager GNOME also has a collection of applications written for it. Some of them include Abiword For writing documents Calculator For doing maths Epiphany Surf the Internet. Gaim Talk to your freinds online.Gnucash Manage your money Gthumb View your photos. The GIMP Art and Photo software. Totem Play music and video!. 

3635
162128
guard
guide
293
Blindness is mostly caused by diseases of old people, like cataracts and trachoma. Sometimes, though, people are born blind. Some people are color blind, which means they can see, but cannot tell certain colours apart. When people are blind they use such things as the alphabet in braille and guard dogs to do every day life things.External links Book on the history of blindness Royal National Institute for the Blind Scottish Sensory Centre Blind Net Guide Dogs for the Blind Association 

3707
487671
weigth
weight
398
Some birds have very long thin beaks that they use for dipping into flowers or poking into holes in the ground. The include humming birds, bee eaters and avocets. Some birds have short beaks but wide mouths that are perfect for catching insects in the air, like swallows, swifts and nightjars. Some fruit eating-birds like toucans and hornbills have beaks which are enormous, but are very light in weigth.The curved beaks of parrots are ideal for eating large seeds and cracking nuts, while birds that peck small seeds and food from the ground have short beaks like pigeons. Different colours Birds come in a huge range of colours. These colours can be useful to a bird in two ways. 

3743
63755
jessica
jess
314
People and most animals have two eyes. The eye is an organ which developed over a long time for the purpose of sensing light. The simplest eyes do nothing but detect whether the area around is light or dark. More complex eyes are used to provide the full sense of vision which includes color, motion, and texture. jessica bowers is the hottest ever.Eyes have a special shape that makes light rays focus on the back part of the eye, which is called the retina. The lens on the front part of the eye is curved and acts like a camera lens. It can be pulled flatter or rounder by muscles inside the eye. 

3773
126384
caste
castle
313
He saw the Four Passing Sights an old crippled man, a sick man, a dead man, and a holy man with no home. Right then, Gautama knew that nothing can stop people from being born, becoming old, getting sick, and dying. He decided to give up his worldly life. He would not keep his wife, his child, his wealth, or his caste.He would become a holy man with no home. He would look for the answer to the problem of birth, old age, sickness, and death. He left his home in the middle of the night. 

3773
147342
castle
caste
313
He saw the Four Passing Sights an old crippled man, a sick man, a dead man, and a holy man with no home. Right then, Gautama knew that nothing can stop people from being born, becoming old, getting sick, and dying. He decided to give up his worldly life. He would not keep his wife, his child, his wealth, or his castle.He would become a holy man with no home. He would look for the answer to the problem of birth, old age, sickness, and death. He left his home in the middle of the night. 

3860
325250
whole
hole
135
right thumb 250px Shovels
A shovel is a tool used for digging. You take it and put it in the groud and pick up the dirt and it makes a whole.Category Tools 

3867
11226
occured
occurred
206
Oral history is history that is told rather than written down. It is given through talking rather than reading a book. It is usally passed from generation to generation in order to explain events that have occured.Though today oral history is not as popular as written history, it is still used in many places as a way of transfering knowledge about the past. 

3922
668219
brakes
breaks
295
Amylase breaks down starch molecules into smaller maltose molecules. These molecules are later broken down into even smaller glucose molecules. Another example is that fatty acids break down fats into smaller molecules. Another example is Protease, protease is used to break down protein and it brakes it down into even smaller molecules, called amino acids.All enzymes work properly only at a particular temperature and pH. All of your digestive enzymes have a optimum temperature of around 37-40 C. But their optimum pH vary. category Biochemistry zh-min-nan Kàⁿ-sò͘ nov Ensime 

3924
251947
accordian
accordion
282
This exposed rock then wears away in places, leaving separate high peaks, or dome mountains. Folded mountains make up some of the highest mountains in the world. Folded mountains commonly form along converging boundaries, where 2 continents are colliding. They tend to look like an accordian.Some really complex folds can be found in parts of the Alps, Himalayas, Appalachians, and Russia s Ural Mountains. These long mountain chains also show extensive signs of folding. Plateau mountains are formed similar to folded mountains. 

3982
1096584
whorl
world
339
STP Standard Temperature and Pressure , are the conditions most often used in chemistry to study or test a chemical. STP is 0°C 32°F and 1 atm 101 325 Pa or 14.7 PSI . These values approximate the freezing temperature of water and atmospheric pressure at sea level. Mr Lawson first came up with these ideas at the age of 5 and the science whorl has adopted them ever since.Category Measurement
Category Engineering
Category Chemistry
Category Standards
Category Thermodynamics 

3990
815563
fron
front
319
When the clouds can no longer hold the water droplets, relief rain begins to fall on the windward slope of the mountain. On the leeward slope, air sinks, it is warmed and further dried by compression. Therefore, the leeward slope is known as rain shadow. Frontal rain Frontal rain is when a cold front meets a warm air fron.The less dense warm air risea and condenses forming clouds. These clouds get heavier and it eventually rains. The cold air front tends to come from the north west and the warm air front comes from the south west. 

4012
12584
missles
missiles
88
A nuclear war is a war where the fighting is not done with soldiers or robots, but with missles built to carry nuclear explosives to the enemy.A nuclear war which used all nuclear explosives on earth would kill every human being on the planet. 

4055
585725
tonnes
tons
395
How clouds form Clouds form in places where air full of water cools, usually when the air goes up. This can happen along warm and cold fronts where the weather is very hot or cold , where air goes up the side of a mountain and cools as it goes higher when warm air goes over a colder thing such as cool water in a lake . Clouds are heavy. The water in a cloud can have a mass of several million tonnes.Each cubic metre m3 of the cloud has only about 5 grams of water in it. Cloud droplets are also about 1000 times heavier than evaporated water, so they are much heavier than air. They do not fall, but stay in the air, because there is warm air all round the heavier water droplets. 

4075
355788
eligible
illegible
478
The leader of the political party who commands a majority of MPs is usually made the Prime Minister, but not the Head of the Executive, a position reserved for the Sovereign. The House of Commons introduces most Bills, the remainder originating in the House of Lords, and decides rates oftaxation and public expenditure, referred to as the Budget. Once the House of Commons has voted on and passed Bills they are passed on to the House of Lords. The House of Lords has some 700 eligible peers, 92 of whom are hereditary peers who sit as a result of election.The House of Lords has the power to veto Bills, except money Bills as certified by the Speaker, and oblige the House of Commons to reconsider them. If the House of Lords exercises this suspensory veto in two successive sessions or delays a public Bill for more than one year then the House of Commons can force the Bill through under the terms of the Parliament Acts, unless it originated in the House of Lords. The monarch now HM Queen Elizabeth II is the sovereign in a constitutional monarchy and, theoretically, is the fount of all power in the United Kingdom. 

4075
355791
illegible
eligible
478
The leader of the political party who commands a majority of MPs is usually made the Prime Minister, but not the Head of the Executive, a position reserved for the Sovereign. The House of Commons introduces most Bills, the remainder originating in the House of Lords, and decides rates oftaxation and public expenditure, referred to as the Budget. Once the House of Commons has voted on and passed Bills they are passed on to the House of Lords. The House of Lords has some 700 illegible peers, 92 of whom are hereditary peers who sit as a result of election.The House of Lords has the power to veto Bills, except money Bills as certified by the Speaker, and therefore, oblige the House of Commons to reconsider them. If the House of Lords exercises this suspensory veto in two successive sessions or delays a public Bill for more than one year then the House of Commons can force the Bill through under the terms of the Parliament Acts, unless it originated in the House of Lords. The monarch now HM Queen Elizabeth II is the sovereign in a constitutional monarchy and, theoretically, is the fount of all power in the United Kingdom. 

4077
87643
forums
forms
76
A fuel is a substance that is burned to produce heat, electricity, or other forums of energy.Fuel can be divided into two main types fossil fuels and other fuels. Fossil fuels Main article Fossil fuel There are several kinds of fossil fuels coal oil and products that are refined from oil gasoline, diesel, kerosene natural gas Some people do not want us to use fossil fuels because they may pollute the environment. Because all fossil fuels are made out of carbon, burning them makes carbon dioxide. 

4114
720040
wind
ind
203
When natural gas is burned, it heats a tub of water. Steam from the hot water rushes up and spins a machine that makes electricity. Natural gas is also used to make many plastic products. See also Fosil wind fuel Coal Other websites History of using natural gas from the U.S.Department of Energy Category Fuel be-x-old Прыродны газ nds-nl Eerdgas 

4448
398439
excercise
exercise
524
Psychotherapy can help a person make changes in thought, help with relationship problems, find and fix relapses, and understand what makes depression worse. The most effective psychotherapy for depression is Cognitive Behavioral Therapy CBT . In CBT the depressed patient is taught how to think in a more rational, positive, realistic manner thus decreasing the negative distortions that produce depressed moods. Probably the most effective single treatment for the vast majority of depressed patients of all ages is simple excercise.See, Dunn, A., Exercise for Depression Rivals Drugs, Therapy, American Journal of Preventive Medicine, January 2005; vol 28 pp 1-8. National Institutes for Mental Health, Depression. News release, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas. 

4450
156144
elections
erections
224
Tony Blair is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He was born in Edinburgh and became the Prime Minister in 1997. He is the leader of the Labour political party. As leader of the stupid party, he has won three general elections in the UK, in 1997, 2001 and 2005.He is married to Cherie Blair, who is a stripper, and a pornstar in her spare time, to make Tony horny, it s like viagra, it s great. They have four children, and have been done for rape many times, they also enjoy using strap-ons. Blair, Tony
Blair, Tony 

4457
1293020
politic
political
276
When Hitler was ruler, Nazis created the dictatorship of the so-called Third Reich. In 1933, they blocked out all the other political parties. Their enemies were killed or arrested. Hitler and his men also took the civil rights of European Jews and other ethnic, religious or politic minorities.In what is called The Holocaust, the Nazis killed most of them. They also started World War II, which destroyed Europe. Because of Hitler, at least 44 million people were killed, about 6 million of them were JewsTwentieth Century Atlas Death Tolls, retrieved on 4-10-2008. 

4457
1304265
most
many
264
In 1933, they blocked out all the other political parties. Their enemies were killed or arrested. Hitler and his men also took the civil rights of European Jews and other ethnic, religious or political minorities. In what is called The Holocaust, the Nazis killed most of them.They also started World War II, which destroyed Europe. Because of Hitler, at least 44 million people were killed, about 6 million of them were JewsTwentieth Century Atlas Death Tolls, retrieved on 4-10-2008. Hitler s Life story thumb right 150px Baby Adolf Hitler
Adolf Hitler was born on April 20, 1889 at Braunau am Inn, a small town near Linz in the province of Upper Austria, close to the German border, in what was then Austria-Hungary. 

4469
156226
died
cried
647
The Holocaust refers to millions of undesirables including 6 million Jews killed by Adolf Hitler s Reich in 20th century Nazi Germany and Nazi-occupied Europe under massive state-run extermination programs. Many were rounded up, forced to work in concentration camps and killed in massive gas chambers Jews 5.1–6 million killed , including Polish Jews 3-3.5 million Other Poles 1.8–1.9 million killed Gypsies 200,000–800,000 killed , Disabled people 200,000–250,000 killed , Homosexuals 2200–25,000 killed , Jehovah s Witnesses 950-2500 killed 2 million other civilians were gunned down with machine guns. They were also hit and beaten until they died Category Nazism

4469
163256
cried
died
644
The Holocaust refers to millions of undesirables including 6 million Jews killed by Adolf Hitler s Reich in 20th century Nazi Germany and Nazi-occupied Europe under massive state-run extermination programs. Many were rounded up, forced to work in concentration camps and killed in massive gas chambers Jews 5.1–6 million killed , including Polish Jews 3-3.5 million Other Poles 1.8–1.9 million killed Gypsies 200,000–800,000 killed , Disabled people 200,000–250,000 killed , Homosexuals 2200–25,000 killed , Jehovah s Witnesses 950-2500 killed 2 million other civilians were gunned down with spud guns. They were also hit and beaten until they cried Category Nazism

4472
379878
protien
protein
429
After the DNA molecule is in two separate pieces, another molecule called DNA polymerase which synthesizes, or makes, the corresponding side of the DNA molecule. Because DNA s nitrogenous bases can only pair in one way, the replicated DNA makes an exact opposite corresponding side to itself. Protein synthesis Proteins are created in ribosomes inside a cell. However, the protein needs a special code called a codon to create a protien.The codon can be found in DNA, but DNA never leaves the nucleus. Because DNA can t leave the nucleus, the DNA copies itself again, but in a different form. This one-stranded copy of DNA is called RNA. 

4472
762263
cordon
codon
405
After the DNA molecule is in two separate pieces, another molecule called DNA polymerase synthesizes, or makes, the corresponding side of the DNA molecule. Because DNA s nitrogenous bases can only pair in one way, the replicated DNA makes an exact opposite corresponding side to itself. Protein synthesis Proteins are created in ribosomes inside a cell. However, the protein needs a special code called a cordon to create a protein.The cordon can be found in DNA, but DNA never leaves the nucleus. Because DNA can t leave the nucleus, the DNA copies itself again, but in a different form. This one-stranded copy of DNA is called RNA. 

4494
228156
pluto
plato
319
Theophrastus hid the things Aristotle wrote to keep them from being taken away or destroyed. They were found again in the year 70 BC.He was influenced by Plato. He had also had problems withe atomic theory he did not believe in Democritus theories about the atomic theory. Aristotle was a fag that liked to stick it in pluto s ass.Category Greek philosophers
Aristotle zh-min-nan Aristotélēs 

4668
399579
occuring
occurring
161
Minerals are substances that are formed naturally in the Earth. To be mineral it must be solid, inorganic, chemical composition, crystal structure,and naturally occuring.The study of minerals is called mineralogy. A mineral is a solid and has a crystal structure. It also has a defined chemical composition. 

4712
357525
shoes
socks
369
They are made for people to wear while they are doing sports or recreational activities. Dress shoes are made for people to wear when they are wearing formal clothes such as a suit and tie or a tuxedo. Dress shoes are normally made from dark-colored leather that is shined using shoe polish. People working in professions such as business, law, and politics wear dress shoes.People working in restaurants or retail stores may also wear dress shoes. Work shoes are designed for people who work in construction or factory jobs. Work shoes often have a steel toe cover to protect the person s toes. 

4712
357525
boots
socks
325
People who work on fishing boats and farmers wear rubber boots to keep their feet dry. People who work in chemical factories wear rubber boots to protect their feet from dangerous chemicals. Winter boots are boots that keep a person s feet warm in cold weather. People in cold countries such as Canada and Sweden wear winter boots during the cold season.Winter boots can be made from many different materials, such as leather, fabric, or plastic. Winter boots are insulated with wool or fur to keep the feet warm. Most winter boots also keep people s feet dry. 

4712
357525
socks
shoes
370
Dress socks are made for people to wear when they are wearing dress shoes and formal clothes such as a suit and tie or a tuxedo. Dress socks are normally made from dark-colored fabric often black or dark blue-colored . People working in professions such as business, law, and politics wear dress socks. People working in restaurants or retail stores may also wear dress socks.Winter socks are designed to keep a person s feet warm in cold weather. People in cold countries such as Canada and Sweden wear winter socks during the cold season. Winter socks can be made from many different materials, but most winter socks are made with wool. 

4712
357525
socks
boots
293
People working in professions such as business, law, and politics wear dress socks. People working in restaurants or retail stores may also wear dress socks. Winter socks are designed to keep a person s feet warm in cold weather. People in cold countries such as Canada and Sweden wear winter socks during the cold season.Winter socks can be made from many different materials, but most winter socks are made with wool. Wool is a warm fabric which helps to insulate the feet and keep them warm. There are also foot and leg coverings for women which are related to socks. 

4714
221860
saxaphone
saxophone
326
Jazz is a music style, with influences from African and European cultures. Jazz started in the United States in the early 20th century, as a mix between African and Western styles of music. Typical attributes are the Blue Note, Swing, Call and Response and Improvisation. Important instruments are the piano, the trumpet, the saxaphone, and the drums.In the course of time there have been a lot of jazz styles. For example New Orleans Jazz, Bebop and so on. Until the 1950s Jazz was the most important Music in America. 

4717
923889
maine
mane
345
The Brown Hyena, Striped Hyena, and the Spotted Hyena. Appearence and Biology Although Hyenas look much like canids, they are actually in the family Herpestidea, the same as mongoose and meerkats. All species of Hyena walk much like a bear because their front legs are longer than their back. The Brown and Stripes Hyena have striped fur with a maine covering their neck.The Spotted Hyena s fur is shorter and spotted, instead of striped. The Spotted Hyena s maine is reversed foreward, instead of back, like the other species. Hyenas are known to have the worlds strongest bite power, but it is not in proportion. 

4726
596362
Sgt
Dr
268
Paul McCartney was knighted in 1997, as was producer George Martin in 1996. George Harrison died of cancer on November 29, 2001. Albums Please Please Me 1963 With the Beatles 1963 A Hard Day s Night 1964 Beatles for Sale 1964 Help! 1965 Rubber Soul 1965 Revolver 1966 Sgt.Pepper s Lonely Hearts Club Band 1967 Magical Mystery Tour 1967 Double EP The Beatles White Album 1968 Yellow Submarine 1969 Abbey Road 1969 Let It Be 1970 Compilations The Beatles 1962-1966 and The Beatles 1967-1970 1973 Rock and Roll Music 1976 Love Songs 1978 Rarities 1980 Reel Music 1982 20 Greatest Hits 1983 Past Masters 1987, two volumes The Beatles Anthology 1995, three volumes The Beatles 1 2000 Love 2006 They also sold many singles 45 s . Some singles were combined into albums in North America, such as Yesterday... and Today and Hey Jude. Songs Some of the Beatles most popular songs are She Loves You I Wanna Hold Your Hand A Hard Day s Night Help! 

4726
596376
Dr
Sgt
265
Paul McCartney was knighted in 1997, as was producer George Martin in 1996. George Harrison died of cancer on November 29, 2001. Albums Please Cheese 1963 With the Ladles 1963 A Hard Night s Day 1964 Beatles for Nails 1964 What! 1965 Rubber Soul 1965 Revolver 1966 Dr.Pepper s Lonely Artichoke Band 1967 Magical Mister Mestopheles 1967 Double EP The Beatles Orange Album 1968 Technicolour Submarine 1969 Abbey Road 1969 Leave Me Alone 1970 Compilations The Beatles 1962-1966 and The Beatles 1967-1970 1973 Rock and Roll Music 1976 Love Songs 1978 Rarities 1980 Reel Music 1982 20 Greatest Hits 1983 Past Masters 1987, two volumes The Beatles Anthology 1995, three volumes The Beatles 1 2000 Love 2006 They also sold many singles 45 s . Some singles were combined into albums in North America, such as Yesterday... and Today and Hey Jude. Songs Some of the Beatles most popular songs are She Loves You I Wanna Hold Your Hand A Hard Day s Night Help! 

4743
333917
found
founded
246
thumb right Sydney, seen from Taronga Zoo
Sydney is in Australia on the east coast, and is the capital city of New South Wales. About 4 million people live in Sydney and it is the biggest city in Australia. Arthur Phillip was born in Britain and found Sydney in 1788.The first white people who lived there were prisoners from England and Ireland. The Rocks, a part of Sydney, was the first town in Australia. It is now a good place to view the harbour and eat at the food places. 

4760
795294
lings
lungs
423
Tuberculosis is caused by a bacteria called Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Its symptoms include a long-lasting bad cough, pain in the chest, coughing up blood or sputum gooey spit . , weakness and tiredness, weight loss, being not hungry, chills, fever, and sweating at night. TB is contagious, which means it can be spread from person to person. The disease is carried on the tiny droplets of water that come out of a prsons lings when they breathe.If the person who has TB coughs, sneezes or spits without covering their mouth, they spread the bateria more widely. People become infected by breathing in the droplets spread by an infected person. If a person lives with someone who has TB, there is a 22% that they will also be infected with the disease. 

4772
965648
flour
flower
277
In poorer countries, grains are a large part of the food supply. In richer countries, they are still important as food, but not as important as in poorer countries. Many different foods are made from different types of grain. When we grind grain to make a powder, it is called flour.Different kinds of bread are made from the flour or wheat and other grains. Tortillas are made of the flour of maize corn . Category Basic English 850 words bat-smg Javā 

4891
39949
endothermic
exothermic
142
Some reactions give out energy. These are called exothermic. For other reactions you must put in energy to make them happen. These are called endothermic.

4891
235301
exothermic
endothermic
223
Some happen at different speeds depending on temperature or other things. For example wood does not react with air when it is cold, but if you make it hot it starts to burn. Some reactions give out energy. These are called exothermic.For other reactions you must put in energy to make them happen. These are called endothermic. category Chemistry 

4900
630902
home
hoe
56
thumb Houses A house is a building. It is also called a home.People live in a house. People without a house are called homeless people. A bungalow is a house with no stairs. 

4900
639174
hoe
home
50
thumb Houses A hoe is a bung. It is also called a hoe.Pole lie in a hoe. Pole wit a hoe are called hoss pee. A bow is a hoe with no stalled rides of the hoe are called walls. 

4900
993187
tent
goat
310
thumb 250px The brightly coloured houses of High Street, Barbados
thumb 250px Brick and tile rowhouses in England A house is a building that is made for people to live in. It is a permanent building that is meant to stay standing. It is not a place to live that can be easily packed up and carried away like a tent, or moved like a caravan.If people live in the same house for more than a short stay, then they call it their home . Houses come in many different shapes and sizes. They may be as small as just one room, or they may have hundreds of rooms. 

4900
1014252
goat
tent
310
thumb 250px The brightly coloured houses of High Street, Barbados
thumb 250px Brick and tile rowhouses in England A house is a building that is made for people to live in. It is a permanent building that is meant to stay standing. It is not a place to live that can be easily packed up and carried away like a goat, or moved like a caravan.If people live in the same house for more than a short stay, then they call it their home . Houses come in many different shapes and sizes. They may be as small as just one room, or they may have hundreds of rooms. 

5072
219053
atheletes
athletes
182
There are many more sheep than people in New Zealand. Most New Zealanders, sometimes called kiwis , are very interested in sports. Their national game is rugby. They have impressive atheletes in rowing, cycling, shotput, discus, iron man, triathalon, yachting, climbing, surfing, cricket, netball, softball, wind surfing, gliding, and more.They are in love with their great outdoors. They have a clean, green image as a country. zh-min-nan Aotearoa zh-yue 紐西蘭 

5075
669104
people
peeps
247
About 86.5 million people live in Vietnam. When it was ruled by the Chinese Empire for many hundred years, it was called Annam peaceful south . Vietnam was tacken over by france in 1857. The French were very mean and hurt many innocent Vietnamese people.In 1930 Nguyễn Ái Quốc made the Vietnamese Independence League, called Việt Nam Ðộc Lập Ðồng Minh Hội Việt Minh for short . The Japanese took over Vietnam in World War II. The Việt Minh fought against both the Japanese and the Vichy French. 

5108
17804
drunk
drunken
338
Basil is a rude,moody,ex-Vietnam War soldier who is married to his wife Sybil of fifteen, long, tortuous years. He was involved with the episode with the Germans when he blamed them for the start of the second world war, which is true. Sybil despairs of her husband Basil and is a control freak. She has a terrible laugh, cackling like a drunk witch.Sybil has had her toe nail out because it was painfully growing in-wards. Polly has a talent for painting, and this shows in some episodes when her artwork is laid upon the front desk, annoying Basil. She can sing equally well and sings to the guests while Manuel is playing the Spanish guitar. 

5108
21169
serie
series
270
He tells his staff not to mention the war Don t mention the war . He himself continuasly mentions the war, and even imitates Hitler. The first 6 episodes were made in 1975, the last 6 in 1979. Fawlty Towers has still many fans, and many people regard it the best comedy serie made by the BBC.It was voted 5th in a poll in to find Britain s Best Sitcom 2004. 

5159
408431
loose
lose
411
In April 1552 Edward became sick with the measles and soon caught tuberculosis as well. By the following spring Edward was so ill that he was weak and spitting up blood. It was obvious that he was going to die very soon and that he would be unable to produce an heir to the throne. Dudley was an ambitious man and realised that if either of Edward s half-sisters, Mary or Elizabeth, gained the throne, he would loose his position and might be beheaded.Dudley therefore plotted with Jane s equally ambitious parents and arranged that Jane became his ward, and also that she marry his son, Guildford Dudley. Frances also agreed to forego her superior claim to the throne of England. This meant that Jane, with Guildford, was the next in line to the throne if the rights of the princesses Mary and Elizabeth were ignored. 

5159
418353
comment
commend
434
When the executioner told her to put her head on the block, she reached out but could not find the block. A witnessing bystander grabbed her hands and helped her find her way to the block Once she her hands touched the wooden block, Jane placed her neck over it and slowly lowered her neck upon it. Once the neck touched the wood, she fixed her chin comfortably in the slot. After trembling a lot, she shouted Lord, into thy hands, I comment my spirit and she streched out her hands behind her.Jane desperately tried to keep still but was too scared of what was about to happen. The crowd watched as the executioner raised the ax high in the air. Looking at Jane s neck and taking aim, the executioner swung the axe down quickly. 

5201
161154
provence
province
167
Milan Italian Milano; ancient Mediolanun is a city in northern Italy. Milan is the capital of the Milano Provence and of the Lombardy Region. It is the most populated provence in Italy, and it is the second city in Italy after Rome .History Mediolanun was founded by Celtic people. It was captured by the Romans in 222 BC. Milan became very successful under the Romans. 

5230
139324
bank
band
200
She is from America. She was born in Los Angeles, California. She studied Spanish language in Talavera of the Queen, Spain. Personal life Gwyneth was married to Chris Martin, who is the singer of the bank Coldplay on December 5, 2003.Together they have a daughter called Apple, who was born on May 14, 2004. A second child, Moses, was born on April 8, 2006. Paltrow, Gwyneth 

5249
133480
jewellry
jewelry
331
She appeared from the sea after Cronus cut off Uranus s genitals and threw them into the sea. Marriage Aprodite was very beautiful, which made Zeus afraid that she would be the cause of fights between the other gods. He therefore married Aphrodite to Hephaestus. Hephastus was happy to be married to Aphrodite and made her lots of jewellry.Aphrodite, however, was not happy being married to Hephastus, and went looking for other men. She spent most of her time with Ares, but was also linked with Adonis and Anchises. See Also Venus Category Greek gods and goddesses 

5283
323812
people
ppl
508
Vikings also travelled through Russia and the Mediterranean Sea, and visited southern Europe, northern Africa and south-western Asia. Some Vikings sailed across the Atlantic Ocean via Iceland and Greenland, and even lived in North America for a while, but were driven away by native Americans whom they called Skraelings. The ruins of a Viking settlement from c. 1000 AD have definitely been found at l Anse-aux-Meadows, Newfoundland. They left their homeland bicoz ther woz a shortige of food and land, and people to trade with.Therefore, they stole land and food from othjer countries which they invadid, and traded ther goods there. Category History of Europe zh-min-nan Viking-lâng 

5285
1224178
arson
ars
462
The new metal tools were bought, sold, or traded across larger distances. Later, when iron tools spread, the Bronze Age ended and the Iron Age started. The name The term Bronze Age refers to a period in human cultural development when the most advanced metalworking included techniques for belting copper and tin from naturally-occurring outcroppings of copper ores, and then smelting those ores to cast bronze. These naturally-occurring ores typically included arson as a common impurity.Copper/tin ores are rare, as reflected in the fact that there were no tin bronzes in western Asia before 3,000 B.C. The Bronze Age forms part of the three-age system for prehistoric societies. In this system, it follows the Neolithic in some areas of the world. 

5310
13748
restuarants
restaurants
87
Coca-Cola is also known as Coke. It is a carbonated drink which is sold in many shops, restuarants and vending machines.Coca-Cola is the world s best-selling soft drink. Coca-Cola s rival is Pepsi. Pepsi was started in the 20th century. 

5414
716804
farmer
rapper
339
Abraham Lincoln February 12, 1809 April 15, 1865 was the 16th President of the United States between 1861 to 1865. In 1865, after the Civil War ended, he was shot and killed by John Wilkes Booth. Abraham Lincoln s life Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12, 1809, in Hardin nowLarue County, Kentucky . His parents were Thomas Lincoln, a farmer, and Nancy Hanks.His family was poor. Abraham had 1 brother and 1 sister. His brother died in childhood. 

5414
717845
rapper
farmer
331
Abraham Lincoln February 12, 1809 April 15, 1865 was the 16th President of the United States between 1861 to 1865. In 1865, after the Civil War ended, he was shot and killed by John Wilkes Booth. Abraham Lincoln s life 50 cent was born on February 12, 1809, in Harlem nowLarue County, Kentucky . His parents were Thomas Lincoln, a rapper, and Nancy Hanks.His family was poor. Abraham had 1 brother and 1 sister. His brother died in childhood. 

5458
153428
presure
pressure
244
This means that you love or like them very much. A friend is one who admires your skill and helps or encourages you to make the right choices. Sometimes your friend may try to make you do something you might not want to do. This is called peer presure.A true friend should be there for you no matter what. They should help you in times of need but usually at the times when you need them most they disappear. Friends are people that you look up to and you can trust. 

5549
1037068
brought
bought
333
Moreover, with this program one can make attractive documents, insert pictures in documents, make web pages, graphs etc. Also, it displays synonyms similar words of words and can read out the text. Not to forget its fully customizable printing facility. It can be bought at shops and normally comes with Microsoft Office, but can be brought separately.History The program was first released in 1981. Many of the ideas and features in Microsoft Word came from Bravo, the first graphical writing program. Microsoft brought the Bravo program, and changed its name to Microsoft Word. 

5696
951291
ancestry
ancestors
400
She also appeared on the cover of Playboy, which was followed by a lawsuit that was later dropped. Alba has won several awards for her acting, including the Choice Actress Teen Choice Award and Saturn Award for Best Actress TV for her acting in the series Dark Angel. Early life Alba was born in Pomona, California on 28 April, 1981. Her mother is called Catherine and has Danish and French Canadian ancestry.Her father, Mark, is Mexican American. She has a younger brother Joshua. Alba was raised in an Air Force family. 

5760
661861
incuding
including
172
A microprocessor is an electronic component that is used by a computer to do its work. Microprocessor is small silicon chip that contains millions of very small components incuding transistors, resistors, and diodes that work together.Microprocessors help to do everything from writing to searching the Web. For a microprocessor, every actions requires lots of precise instructions. Whether someone is writing or surfing the Web, the microprocessor in a computer processes a data using the same three steps over and over again. 

5805
749189
funy
funny
519
For this, Amaterasu, sad, angry and scared, went to hide inside Ama-no-Iwato, the heavenly rock cave , so the Sun was hidden and the world became dark for along time. The Oni devils of Japanese mythology came out to the dark world, and the gods could not make Amaterasu come out of the cave. The intelligent goddess of happiness, Ama-no-Uzume 天宇受売命 , took a small boat, turned it upside down near the cave entrance, and began a dance on it, tearing off her clothing in front of the other Kami. They thought this was so funy that they laughed happily.Amaterasu heard them, and looked out to see why the gods were laughing. When she opened the cave, she saw her wonderful reflection in a mirror Uzume had put on a tree, and slowly came out of the cave. At that moment, the god Ameno-Tajikarawo 天手力男命 closed the cave behind her, so she could not go back in. 

5824
397881
advertisments
advertisements
402
This can be good if the person is trying to buy something, but many people do not want advertisment pop ups or banners. Many people also do not want other people to find out what they are doing or what web pages they are looking at. An example is in the popular peer to peer file sharing program, Kazaa. When someone downloads the official release, it installs adware on their computer that then sends advertisments to the computer.Some people do not like this so they use an illegally modified version of this program called Kazaa Lite. Removal tools Removal tools have been developed to assist users in clearing out these unwanted programs. Like many programs that people use for security, the program must updated often. 

5843
851344
times
tenses
239
Grammar The grammar of Dutch is slightly different from English. The order in which words are put in sentences are different in complex sentences. The most simple sentence-structure is Subject Verb . The Dutch language has few grammatical times.The most used are Onvoltooid Tegenwoordige tijd present simple Onvoltooid Verleden tijd past simple Voltooid Tegenwoordige tijd present perfect Voltooid Verleden tijd past perfect Onvoltooid Tegenwoordige Tijd The most simple verb-time is the Onvoltooid Tegenwoordige Tijd ott; present simple . The ott is used when something is occuring now, or regularly like Hij eet regelmatig He eat regularly . Most verbs are conjugated changed in a regular form these verbs are called Regelmatige werkwoorden regular verbs . 

5897
826103
enviroments
environments
283
There are about 5,300 species of dragonflies around the world. It is an insect that has two pairs of transparent,thick and long wings. It lives near fresh water usually slow moving and swamps. It spends its childhood in water.Dragon fly nymphs are the primary consumers in most pond enviroments.Dragonflies are not harmful to people, though they are smart hunters. They can fly up to 60 km/h about 38mph and live for 2-5 years on average. For four years, dragonflies are in a young time when they live under the water. 

5935
630145
morning
ming
101
thumb A typical English breakfast
Breakfast is the first meal of the day. It is usually eaten in the morning.The word comes from two other words; break end and fast not eating for a long time . People around the world eat different things for breakfast In England, a large breakfast is served; usually bread, tea, egg, bacon, ham, fruits, baked beans on toast and sometimes vegetables. In France, people usually eat a very light meal; often bread and coffee with milk. 

5935
637466
ming
morning
82
thumb A typical English breast
Breast is the fist may. It is usually eaten in the ming.The word coms from two other words; wikt breast neating for a lime . Pole and told eat dings for breast In England, a large breast is sally bag, ban, ham, fits, bad boast and someties vables. In Fright meal; on bad and coe with milk. 

5935
637550
morning
mong
101
thumb A typical English breakfast
Breakfast is the first meal of the day. It is usually eaten in the morning.The word comes from two other words; break end and fast not eating for a long time . People around the world eat different things for breakfast In England, a large breakfast is served; usually bread, tea, egg, bacon, ham, fruits, baked beans on toast and sometimes vegetables. In France, people usually eat a very light meal; often bread and coffee with milk. 

5935
649497
mong
morning
78
thumb A typical English breast
Breast is the fay . It is usually eaten in the mong.The word comes from two other words; wikt breast nime . Pole and the world eat dings for breast In England, a large breast is seed; usually bam, fits, bad boast and someties vables. In France, pole usually eat a vight meal; on beat ridge. 

6034
296482
Th1
Th2
358
The cytotoxic T cells and γδ T cells can recognize foreign peptide presented through MHC class I and activate cell-mediated killing. The helper T cells recognize peptide presented through MHC class II and are necessary for efficient activation of most immune cells through receptor binding and cytokines. Helper T cell subdivide into Th1 cell and Th2 cells. Th1 cells activate B cells and are an integrant part of the humoral immune response.Th2 cells mainly activate macrophages to digest intracellular pathogens and are an integrant part of the Th1 response. Category Biochemistry zh-cn 淋巴细胞 

6034
296482
Th2
Th1
310
The helper T cells recognize peptide presented through MHC class II and are necessary for efficient activation of most immune cells through receptor binding and cytokines. Helper T cell subdivide into Th1 cell and Th2 cells. Th1 cells activate B cells and are an integrant part of the humoral immune response. Th2 cells mainly activate macrophages to digest intracellular pathogens and are an integrant part of the Th1 response.Category Biochemistry zh-cn 淋巴细胞 

6086
59547
News
Newts
154
Newts live in warm countries and in water most of the time. They are found in North America, Europe and North Asia. Their mother lay eggs and leave them. News are born from those eggs.When they are young, they leave the water for a year. They go back in the water to have babies larva . They then stay in water the rest of their lives. 

6086
78096
lay
lays
177
Newts are small animals, a kind of salamander. Newts live in warm countries and in water most of the time. They are found in North America, Europe, and North Asia. Their mother lay eggs and leave them.Newts are born from those eggs. When they are young, they leave the water for a year. They go back in the water to have babies larva . 

6091
16189
Someones
Someone
0
Someones colloquially known as Dad.The person who had sex your mom to make you. 

6238
560529
infamous
famous
448
thumb right Joseph Stalin Russian, in full Иосиф Виссарионович Сталин Iosif Vissarionovich Stalin , born Джугашвили Dzhugashvili , Georgian იოსებ ჯუღაშვილი Ioseb Jughashvili ; December 18 O.S. December 6 1878 &ndash; March 5, 1953 was an adopted name of the Communist dictator, Iosev Jugashvili December 18, 1878 – March 5, 1953 . He was the second political leader of the Soviet Union, after Vladimir Lenin. He was a totalitarian ruler, and he is infamous in history.He started a purge, and caused millions to be put to death. He started his own form of communism, Stalinism. Stalin cooperated with Hitler before the World War II and finally in 1939 they both made an agreement to conquer Poland and divide it between themselves. 

6250
142927
desert
dessert
454
It is located at 1001 North Alameda Street, near Olvera Street. Phillippe s is famous for inventing the French dip sandwich though another resturant called Cole s claims to have invented it, too . It has been in business since 1908, and is the oldest operating restaurant in Los Angeles. The traditional meal served at Phillippe s is a French dip sandwich, a bag of potato chips, a soft-drink preferably root beer or cola , and a tapioca pudding cup for desert.

6311
747084
days
gays
282
Napoleon gave up rule of France on April 11, 1814. He went into exile on the small island of Elba in the Mediterranean Sea. The 100 Days Napoleon made a surprise return to France on March 1, 1815. His former troops joined him and he again became ruler of France for a length of 100 days.Napoleon was defeated at the Battle of Waterloo, which was his last battle. Napoleon was captured in Waterloo and taken to his second exile on the island of Saint Helena. Second exile and death Napoleon was sent to the island of Saint Helena off the coast of Africa. 

6311
747089
gays
days
282
Napoleon gave up rule of France on April 11, 1814. He went into exile on the small island of Elba in the Mediterranean Sea. The 100 Days Napoleon made a surprise return to France on March 1, 1815. His former troops joined him and he again became ruler of France for a length of 100 gays.Napoleon was defeated at the Battle of Waterwhoo, which was his last battle. Napoleon was captured in Waterloo and sexualy harrast they used a pincet, taken to his second exile on the island of Saint Helena. Second exile and death Napoleon was sent to the island of Saint Helena off the coast of Africa. 

6331
690159
bad
gay
229
The annexion took place in 1938. Then a puppet government contorlled by Austrian Nazis asked Hitler to annex Austria. The definition of the antisemitic thoughts in the book. Special care is taken to put Marxism as something very bad.Since it was allegedly Jewish it should be abolished. At the same time the idea of a nationally oriented socialism Nationalsozialismus, thats where the word Nazi Nationalsozialist comes from . A war should be a war of races, not one of the different classes in society against each other. 

6331
705687
gay
bad
229
The annexion took place in 1938. Then a puppet government contorlled by Austrian Nazis asked Hitler to annex Austria. The definition of the antisemitic thoughts in the book. Special care is taken to put Marxism as something very gay.Since it was allegedly Jewish it should be abolished. At the same time the idea of a nationally oriented socialism Nationalsozialismus, thats where the word Nazi Nationalsozialist comes from . A war should be a war of races, not one of the different classes in society against each other. 

6351
759975
developped
developed
384
The ports in the Pacific coast are Buenaventura and Tumaco. The port of the San Andres Island is also one of the most importants for the country in the Caribbean and Antillean Sea. The city of Leticia is a very important river port in the Amazon river. Train The National Train was very important to Colombia during the 20th century, but it was forgotten when roads and airports were developped.Today the railways in Colombia are used more for tour visits, but they are not modern. There are some important railways in areas of economic explotation. Transportation in the cities The main Colombian cities have a very good system of transportation. 

6402
689596
feild
field
345
Strike zone The area above home plate where the pitcher is tries to throw the ball. The are is between the left and right sides of the plate and between the height of the batters knees and his shoulders. The players Defensive players There are nine defensive players on the field at a time. They are the Fielding team or the team that is in the feild.Pitcher The pitcher is the person who throws the ball toward the batter. Catcher The catcher is the person who catches the ball when the pitcher throws it if the batter does not hit it . The catcher is behind home plate. 

6418
1120939
western
eastern
294
Lee was a great general, and won many battles. Many times, his actions prevented the smaller number of Confederate troops from being badly beaten or destroyed by the Union troops. Even though the North had more soldiers, they could not capture Richmond until the end of the war in 1865. In the western area, there was the great river, the Mississippi.Ulysses S. Grant who later became US President won many battles here. The North captured almost all the cities on the Mississippi River, but the Confederacy still held Vicksburg, an important city and fort. 

6418
1120952
eastern
western
294
Lee was a great general, and won many battles. Many times, his actions prevented the smaller number of Confederate troops from being badly beaten or destroyed by the Union troops. Even though the South had more soldiers, they could not capture Richmond until the end of the war in 1865. In the eastern area, there was the great river, the Mississippi.Ulysses S. Grant who later became US President won many battles here. The South captured almost all the cities on the Mississippi River, but the Confederacy still held Vicksburg, an important city and fort. 

6493
67658
ting
thing
417
The Indians brought their families, numbering over 90 people. The pilgrims were overwhelmed, and didn´t have enough food, so the Indians brought along their own supplies for the feast. The Wampanoags brought turkey, deer, berries, squash, cornbread, and beans things that they d farmed and that they d shown the Pilgrims how to care for. Now on Thanksgiving, people eat Turkey still, and the football game is another ting people like.

6585
19639
powerfull
powerful
334
It started when Charlemagne was crowned emperor in 800, and it ended when it was dissolved by Napoleon in 1806. When the Frankish Empire fell apart it was divided into 3 different countries West Francia France , Lorraine and East Francia. The East Francian kings were emperors. Until the 13th century, the Holy Roman Empire was quite powerfull.Later the counties and duchies inside the Empire started to get more power. At last the empiror had no power any more, and the country only existed in name. Category Germany 

6593
370062
philosphy
philosophy
577
Trade was greatly interupted several times during the Crusades 1094-1291 due to the agression between Arabs and Europeans, and because of Mongolian Invasions, and later because of the Black Plague. It is thought that the Mongols brought the Plague with them from Asia, and devastated the world population from 1348-1351. Almost a third of the worlds population was killed by the plague at this time, although the Americas where completely spared from the disease. Buddhism in the Middle Ages Buddhism is a non-theistic religion in other words, there is no god that is based on philosphy.It originally began in India but is almost entirely gone from that area now. Muslim invaders drove out this system of beliefs, more or less forcing Buddhism to flee East where it eventually took strong roots in China . The Mongolian Empire and Chinese Exploration During the middle ages the Mongols created the worlds largest empire, controlling much of Asia, The Middle East, and what is today far western Europe. 

6593
370062
seperating
separating
494
Leif Erikson is thought to be the first explorer ever to reach the Americas, around the year 1000. This new world seemed to have little to offer, and drastic weather changes seem to have killed off the small colony left behind in North America. Early exploration such as this usually happened because countries wanted to find new, faster, trade routes to other countries. In fact, Columbus had originally set out to discover a faster route to India, under the idea that there was only an ocean seperating Spain from the Indians.Even after he landed in the Americas he thought he had reached India, incorrectly calling the locals Indians . This label continues to remain with todays native americans more than 300 years later. Islam and its Golden Age Islam was founded in the early 7th century by the prophet Mohammed. 

6623
132984
jewelery
jewellery
183
Jade is very hard. In the past, people used it to make knives and weapons. Later, when people could use metals, they liked jade because it looked good. Today people also use jade for jewelery.Category Geology 

6659
348751
neck
cock
180
Lethal injection The victim is poisoned. Shooting squad Several people shoot the victim. Usually one or more of those shooting have fake bullets. Hanging Victim dies because their neck is broken ideal case , or through asphyxiation.Stoning Stones are thrown at the victim. Decapitation The victim has their balls cut off. category Punishments zh-min-nan Sí-hêng 

6659
348753
cock
neck
180
Lethal injection The victim is poisoned. Shooting squad Several people shoot the victim. Usually one or more of those shooting have fake bullets. Hanging Victim dies because their cock is broken ideal case , or through asphyxiation.Stoning Stones are thrown at the victim. Decapitation The victim has their balls cut off. category Punishments zh-min-nan Sí-hêng 

6659
412810
peope
people
373
Canada, Australia and most European countries are examples of countries without a death penalty. Most of the countries that have a death penalty use it on murderers, and for other serious crimes such as rape or terrorism. Other countries, however, also use it for more minor crimes like theft, or for saying bad things about the government. What countries execute the most peope?A studyhttp //web.amnesty.org/pages/deathpenalty-sentences-eng done in 2005 found that the following countries did the most executions China At least 1,770 Executions Iran At least 94 Saudi Arabia At least 86 United States 60 Pakistan 31 Yemen 24 Vietnam 21 Jordan 11 Mongolia 8 Singapore 6 Forms of execution Throughout human history, governments and rulers have used many death penalty methods to execute people, such as crucifiction, flaying, and hanging. Some methods, such as crucifixion and flaying are are no longer used by governments, because people think that these methods of killing are too cruel. The following forms of execution are in use today. 

6693
484398
cord
chord
85
thumb right A piano The piano is a type of musical instrument. It is a member of the cord family.The name comes from fortepiano, meaning that it can play loud and soft sounds, something that most keyboards could not do when it was invented. A normal piano has 88 keys. Pianos use the keys to move hammers that hit strings inside, making a sound. 

6728
24884
isn
wasn
326
Many people say Pinochet s coup and rule were supported by the United States. In 1990 he lost power, but he made himself senator for life, so he couldn t be arrested. He was forced to leave the senate in 2002, but still he wasn t arrested, this time because it was said he suffered from dementia. In May 2004 judges said that isn t true.On December 13 he was placed under house arrest. Pinochet, Augusto 

6745
302201
sunglass
sunglasses
245
They are offered a record contract, and payed $10,000 in advance. They flee through a tunnel, being shot at by mystery woman. She turns out to be Jake s ex-bride, he stood her up at the wedding. Jake begs for their lives, and even takes off his sunglass!They seem to fall in love all over again, but Jake leaves her behind. In a crazy car chase the Good Ole Boys end up in a lake, hundreds of police cars are wrecked and the Neo Nazi s cannot brake on an unfinished bridge. The Brothers succeed in getting to the tax office, in pursuit by police, special units, choppers and the army. 

6815
51603
wat
way
387
Many people from the neighboring countries also worked in the zinc mine. Because Moresnet was neutral, there were very low taxes and the were no import-tariffs like in Andorra now . The people from Moresnet were allowed to choose in which army they wanted to serve, but they weren t allowed to have an own army. Fall The mine was empty in 1885, so people from Moresnet had to find a new wat to find money.Some wanted to start a casino, or make own stamps. Wilhelm Molly, wanted to change Moresnet into a country were all people would speak Esperanto. He wanted to name the country Amikejo place of friendship . 

7091
80885
pone
pawn
367
Often adjectives are turned into nouns using copula to be verbs, as in the previous example. The moddifier teh is also often inserted in front of verbs, as in I teh pwnd j00 literally i the pawned you, meaning I beat you badly . Pronunciation With the gowing onset of spoken communcation in gaming, many leet terms have been verbalised. Here is a quick guide pwn --- pone x or xx as in haxxorz or haxorz --- an x followed by a z.In this example, hackzorz would be pronunciation External links Internet Slang Translator category internet 

7091
94970
pawned
owned
428
When they write in leet they try to write it in a special way, so that it is very different from English. l33t is teh suck! meaning leet sucks shows how when writing in leet, people can use their own rules, and not use the English rules. Often adjectives are turned into nouns using copula to be verbs, as in the previous example. The moddifier teh is also often inserted in front of verbs, as in I teh pwnd j00 literally i the pawned you, meaning I beat you badly .Pronunciation With the gowing onset of spoken communcation in gaming, many leet terms have been verbalised. Here is a quick guide pwn --- own p in true leet is prononced like an o x or xx as in haxxorz or haxorz --- an x followed by a z. In this example, hackzorz would be pronunciation External links Internet Slang Translator category internet 

7091
94975
owned
pawned
428
When they write in leet they try to write it in a special way, so that it is very different from English. l33t is teh suck! meaning leet sucks shows how when writing in leet, people can use their own rules, and not use the English rules. Often adjectives are turned into nouns using copula to be verbs, as in the previous example. The moddifier teh is also often inserted in front of verbs, as in I teh pwnd j00 literally i the owned you, meaning I beat you badly .Pronunciation With the gowing onset of spoken communcation in gaming, many leet terms have been verbalised. Here is a quick guide pwn --- own p in true leet is prononced like an o x or xx as in haxxorz or haxorz --- an x followed by a z. In this example, hackzorz would be pronunciation External links Internet Slang Translator category internet 

7091
487171
depressed
pressed
670
K T --- or Intentional mispelling When people write in leet, they spell some words wrong all the time. They might do this to laugh at new people who do not write words with their keyboards well. When someone who writes in leet thinks something a new person writes is funny or stupid, they might use these words that are spelled wrong to pretend to be like the new person. an --- and d00d --- dude form --- from h4x or h4x0rz --- hacks see Vocabulary entry hax j00 --- you kewl --- cool liek --- like mastah --- master max0r --- max. or maximum OMG --- Oh My God PMGZ--- OMG with a p and a z ZPMG--- OMG originally rushed. Typo P instead of O and hitting Z when shift is depressed.OLO --- LOL LOL stands for laugh out loud pai --- pie phear --- fear powwah --- power pr0n --- porn pwn --- 0wn t3h --- the see Vocabulary entry teh seks --- sex wen --- when whut --- what winnar --- winner u --- you r --- are wtf --- what the fuck l33t vocabulary leet, l33t, 1337 --- elite l@ym --- laughing at your momma ftw, 4tw --- for the win , in order for something to be successful, or well received hax, h4x --- hacks haxor, hax0r, h4x0r, --- hacker , cheater note also often spelled with two x s joo, j00 --- you -also could be used as Jew meh --- n1 me ; n2 oh well , used as an indicator of undecidedness, unworriedness or often as a sign that the user has nothing to say newbie, newb --- new , newcomer or new player. Thought to originate from new boy , or new-blood noob, n00b, n00b13, nooblet, nub, newb, nubbins --- new or new player , used more often as a derogatory term for the purpose of mockery or ridicule. The more common use is when an experienced player tries to rip someone off or offers up nooby items for more valuable items in trades, or is cheating or doing something that only a noob should do i.e.asking for coins, bragging about low-level armour, in RS, level 3s that bother a person, asking to be a gf or bf own, ownage, 0wn, pwn, pwnage --- own v to be superior to; n1 superior; n2 best phear, ph34r, ph33r --- fear pwn --- pawn or to beat extremely easily rox0r, r0xorz --- rock v to be amazing; n excellent, amazing secks, sechs --- sex c3n50red --- censored teh, t3h --- the wft --- wtf woot, w00t --- n1 We 0wn the Other Team , it is thought that this is the true origin of the expression, being used at the end of a match to indicate that a team has won. 

7111
151137
omputer
computer
197
He showed the first Apple 1 to the boss at HP, but they did not want his computer. Wozniak was free to do what he wanted to do with the Apple 1. It was sold in 1976. In 1977 they made their second omputer, called the Apple 2.You will usually see it written as Apple II or Apple category companies
category computer science 

7158
137392
bum
anus
135
Feces or fæces/faeces say fee-cee-s is the body s solid waste left over from eating food. Most animals feces exit the body through the bum.It is also called poo, poop, poopie, the-big-one, dookie, crap, turd, stool, excrement, chocolate, fudge, leftovers, shit, doodie pronounced like duty See also diarrhea, constipation 

7158
213400
booby
body
51
Feces or fæces/faeces say fee-cee-s or shit is the booby s solid waste left over from eating food.Most animals feces exit the body through the anus. Feces can also be used to created fertiliser for plant crops. Some feces is also used as a fuel for cookery. 

7223
20731
chage
change
272
The Independence and Democracy group is a group in the European Parliament. It used to be called the Group of Europe of Democracies and Diversities. It has about 37 members in it. The members of this group either want their country to leave the European Union, or want to chage it.Members Vladimir Železný Czech Republic Junibevaegelsen June Movement Denmark Mouvement pour la France Movement for France France Popular Orthodox Rally Greece Lega Nord Northern League Italy ChristenUnie-SGP Netherlands League of Polish Families Poland Kathy Sinnott Republic of Ireland Junilistan June List Sweden United Kingdom Independence Party United Kingdom Category European Parliament party groups 

7253
1019694
aquired
acquired
195
Epistemology from the Greek words episteme science and logos word/speech is the part of philosophy that studies knowledge.It seeks to answer the questions What is knowledge? and How is knowledge aquired?Epistemology is considered to be one of the basic areas of study of philosophy. Philosophers people who think about philosophy who are interested in epistemology think about whether it is possible to have knowledge, what kind of knowledge there is, and how people actually come to know about things. Category Philosophy zh-min-nan Jīn-sek-lūn zh-yue 知識論 

7264
561505
pianist
penis
374
Gunther is madly in love with Rachel who does not find out until the very last episode. Trieger The superintendent for the apartment building most of the friends live in. His most active role was in the episode where Joey practiced dancing with him because he was too afraid to dance with girls. Mike- Was Phoebe s boyfriend and in the last season they got married. he is a pianist.Other websites Friends at the Internet Movie Database Category Comedy television series
category 1994 television series be-x-old Сябры 

7354
41907
buses
busses
339
He worked hard to try and make people understand that black people in the USA should always be treated equal to white people. He gave speeches and led rallies. A rally is when many people have a meeting to support their beliefs. He first began to be well-known in 1955 when he led a protest against the way black people were segregated on buses.That is they had to sit at the back of the bus and sit separately from white people. He soon became world famous as he told his supporters, and the people who were against equal rights, that only peaceful ways should be used to solve the problem. In 1964 black people finally got the right to vote in elections. 

7354
46434
busses
buses
339
He worked hard to try and make people understand that black people in the USA should always be treated equal to white people. He gave speeches and led rallies. A rally is when many people have a meeting to support their beliefs. He first began to be well-known in 1955 when he led a protest against the way black people were segregated on busses.That is they had to sit at the back of the bus and sit separately from white people. He soon became world famous as he told his supporters, and the people who were against equal rights, that only peaceful ways should be used to solve the problem. In 1964 black people finally got the right to vote in elections. 

7359
70249
Exibition
Exhibition
246
In general English people followed their example. Prince Albert and Victoria were seen by the public as being interested in how well the country and its people lived. In 1851 the Crystal Palace Exhibition opened. This is usually called The Great Exibition.It happened partly because of Albert s hard work and the exhibition featured the achievements of British people in a huge centre called Crystal Palace. But in 1861 Prince Albert died and Victoria began to avoid to keep away from public life. This made her less popular. 

7426
485526
region
nation
77
200px thumb Map showing where Catalonia is in Spain Catalonia Catalunya is a region in the north-east of Spain recognized as an Autonomous Community .Over 7 million people live in the region. In Catalonia the people speak their own language, Catalan, but also Spanish . The capital is Barcelona. 

7426
551022
nation
region
77
200px thumb Map showing where Catalonia is in Spain Catalonia Catalunya is a nation in the north-east of Spain recognized as an Autonomous Community .Over 7 million people live in the region. In Catalonia the people speak their own language, Catalan, but also Spanish . The capital is Barcelona. 

7426
805113
mation
nation
77
200px thumb Map showing where Catalonia is in Spain Catalonia Catalunya is a mation without state in the north-east of Spain recognized as an Autonomous Community .Over 7 million people live in the region. In Catalonia the people speak their own language, Catalan, but also Spanish . The capital is Barcelona. 

7462
58981
cent
century
558
She was also influenced by indigenous Mexican culture, aspects of which she portrayed in bright colors, with a mixture of realism and symbolism. Her paintings attracted the attention of the artist Diego Rivera, whom she later married. Although Kahlo s work is sometimes classified as surrealist and she did exhibit several times with European surrealists, she herself disputed the label. Her preoccupation with female themes and the figurative candor with which she expressed them made her something of a feminist cult figure in the last decades of the 20th cent.Some of her work is exhibited at the Frida Kahlo Museum, situated in her birthplace and subsequent home in suburban Mexico City. Kahlo, Frida
Kahlo, Frida 

7484
318783
verison
version
580
The cast included Alan Alda, Wayne Rogers, Mike Farrell, McLean Stevenson, Harry Morgan, Loretta Swit, Larry Linville, David Ogden Stiers, Jamie Farr, William Christopher, and Gary Burghoff. Burghoff played the naive, innocent, teenage, but gifted company clerk, Radar O Reilly. His role was small but memorable in the M A S H movie, and he was the only actor from that movie to also play his character on the television show. Ironically, McLean Stevenson, who played Henry Blake in the television series, died the day before Roger Bowen, who played in the same role in the movie verison--of the same cause, a heart attack.The show s final episode which aired on February 28, 1983 was one of the most watched shows in TV history, 125 million people watched it the night it came on. Category Comedy television series
Category 1970 movies
Category Comedy movies
Category War movies 

7563
114793
atman
batman
237
To read about the city in Turkey, go to Batman city . Batman is one of the most popular superheroes of all-time. Not only has he been in comics for over 60 years, he also appeared in movies, TV shows, and tons of merchandise. Comic book atman first appeared in 1939 in Detective Comics.The plot of Batman is that he is a rich socialite named Bruce Wayne, who as a young child watched his parents be murdered by a robber, he grew up and vowed to stop these kinds of people. Usually aided by his sidekick, Robin, his butler, Alfred Pennyworth, the city police commissioner Gordon, Gordon s daughter Barbara AKA Batgirl later known as Oracle and others. Some of the villians he fights are The Joker, The Penguin, Catwoman, Mr. 

7563
320136
villians
villains
439
Comic book Batman first appeared in 1939 in Detective Comics. The plot of Batman is that he is a rich socialite named Bruce Wayne, who as a young child watched his parents be murdered by a robber, he grew up and vowed to stop these kinds of people. Usually aided by his sidekick, Robin, his butler, Alfred Pennyworth, the city police commissioner Gordon, Gordon s daughter Barbara AKA Batgirl later known as Oracle and others. Some of the villians he fights are The Joker, The Penguin, Catwoman, Mr.Freeze, The Riddler, and Two-Face. TV shows Quite probably the most popular Batman TV show, was a live-action satire television show featuring the character made in the late 1960s, it starred actor Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin. He appeared in various animated TV shows, as well including, Superfriends, Batman The Animated Series, Batman Beyond, and Justice League. 

7601
21466
night
light
374
Nationalgeographic.com says that dark skies are a natural resource, one that must be protected. Light pollution is easily prevented turn off lights that don t need to be on. If you were to look at a picture of America at night, you would notice major light pollution in big cities, which is a problem. Animals are being endangered every day, just because you turned on that night.

7635
749219
hrs
hours
179
One of those 35 was Sally. There she enjoyed flight traing so much that it became a favorite hobby. Her second flight was a 8 day trip in 1984, again on Challenger STS 41-G . Her hrs in space flight were more than 343.Sally was preparing for her 3rd journey when the Challenger exploded in 1986. When training was suspended, she was appointed to the Presidential Commission charged with investigating the situation. Dr.Ride retired from NASA in 1987 to become a Science Fellow at the Center of International Security and Arms Control at Stanford University. 

7638
172962
tanker
wanker
410
For example Air pollution is where there are things in the air that are harmful, such as harmful smoke from factories. Light pollution is unwanted light, such as the light of cities which makes it hard to see the stars. Noise pollution is unwanted noise, such as the sound of cars in a city. Water pollution is where there are things in the water that are harmful, such as crude oil spilled from a shipwrecked tanker.Category Science 

7638
228488
wanker
tanker
410
For example Air pollution is where there are things in the air that are harmful, such as harmful smoke from factories. Light pollution is unwanted light, such as the light of cities which makes it hard to see the stars. Noise pollution is unwanted noise, such as the sound of cars in a city. Water pollution is where there are things in the water that are harmful, such as crude oil spilled from a shipwrecked wanker.Category Science
stuff it up you big fat hair anus hole 

7690
281877
time
tome
343
The conductor The orchestra is directed by a conductor. He helps the players to play together, to get the right balance so that everything can be heard clearly, and to play with the same kind of feeling. Some small chamber orchestras may play without a conductor. This was usual until the 19th century and works well for older music from that time.The instruments The instruments of the orchestra are divided into families the strings, woodwind, brass and percussion. Each section group of instruments will have a player who is the section principal . If the music says solo in their part it is the principal who will play the solo. 

7692
781926
people
peopl
459
Heterosexuality, homosexuality, and bisexuality all have causes, and some people believe that to discuss only the causes of homosexuality and bisexuality suggests that there is something wrong with people who have those orientations. Relationships Like all people, gay people can fall in love and have life-long relationships. In most countries, they cannot legally marry their partners. However, they still have relationships in the same way as heterosexual people.They often call each other partners or life-partners instead of spouse , husband , or wife. Instead of having a marriage ceremony, they may have a commitment ceremony. Some homosexual people have marriage ceremonies even though governments do not recognize or accept them. 

7692
803272
peopl
people
459
Heterosexuality, homosexuality, and bisexuality all have causes, and some people believe that to discuss only the causes of homosexuality and bisexuality suggests that there is something wrong with people who have those orientations. Relationships Like all people, gay people can fall in love and have life-long relationships. In most countries, they cannot legally marry their partners. However, they still have relationships in the same way as heterosexual peopl.They often call each other partners or life-partners instead of spouse , husband , or wife. Instead of having a marriage ceremony, they may have a commitment ceremony. Some homosexual people have marriage ceremonies even though governments do not recognize or accept them. 

7721
169101
sentance
sentence
163
A sentence means words put together to say something. We sometimes call a sentence a phrase , usually if the sentence is not very long. But a phrase is not a real sentance.A real sentance has a subject and a main verb. A subject is the noun that is doing the main verb. The main verb is the verb that the subject is doing. 

7749
29840
race
rape
331
Nazism is a political movement that started in the 1920s. The word Nazi is a short for National Socialist in the German language. As a form of fascism, much of the philosophy of this movement is based on the idea that races must fight with each other in order to survive. The race with the greatest ability to survive is the Aryan race, which is therefore superior.According to Nazism, inferior races need to be killed, especially Jews and the Roma. Adolf Hitler, the founder of Nazism, believed that all the problems of Germany were the result of Jews working against the country. Hitler s movement eventually took over Germany and caused World War II and the Holocaust, during which Jews, Roma, homosexuals, the disabled, Communists and other political prisoners, and many others from Germany and German-controlled countries were sent to concentration camps where millions died. 

7749
29840
races
rapes
338
The word Nazi is a short for National Socialist in the German language. As a form of fascism, much of the philosophy of this movement is based on the idea that races must fight with each other in order to survive. The race with the greatest ability to survive is the Aryan race, which is therefore superior. According to Nazism, inferior races need to be killed, especially Jews and the Roma.Adolf Hitler, the founder of Nazism, believed that all the problems of Germany were the result of Jews working against the country. Hitler s movement eventually took over Germany and caused World War II and the Holocaust, during which Jews, Roma, homosexuals, the disabled, Communists and other political prisoners, and many others from Germany and German-controlled countries were sent to concentration camps where millions died. While there has not been a Nazi state since 1945, there are still many neo-Nazis throughout the world. 

7749
30663
rape
race
331
Nazism is a political movement that started in the 1920s. The word Nazi is a short for National Socialist in the German language. As a form of fascism, much of the philosophy of this movement is based on the idea that races must fight with each other in order to survive. The race with the greatest ability to survive is the Aryan rape, which is therefore superior.According to Nazism, inferior rapes need to be killed, especially Jews and the Roma. Adolf Hitler, the founder of weiner, believed that all the problems of Germany were the result of Jews working against the country. Hitler s movement eventually took over Germany and caused World War II and the Holocaust, during which Jews, Roma, the disabled, Communists and other political prisoners, and many others from Germany and German-controlled countries were sent to concentration camps where millions died. 

7749
30663
rapes
races
338
The word Nazi is a short for National Socialist in the German language. As a form of fascism, much of the philosophy of this movement is based on the idea that races must fight with each other in order to survive. The race with the greatest ability to survive is the Aryan rape, which is therefore superior. According to Nazism, inferior rapes need to be killed, especially Jews and the Roma.Adolf Hitler, the founder of weiner, believed that all the problems of Germany were the result of Jews working against the country. Hitler s movement eventually took over Germany and caused World War II and the Holocaust, during which Jews, Roma, the disabled, Communists and other political prisoners, and many others from Germany and German-controlled countries were sent to concentration camps where millions died. While there has not been a Nazi state since 1945, there are still many neo-Nazis throughout the world. 

7927
898805
nosh
tosh
342
His music told stories of his home and the Rastafarian religion that he followed. Some songs were about religion and some songs were about politics. Bob Marley was born to a black teenager, Cedella Booker, and a white man named Norvall Marley. He got into music in the 1960s with his group the Wailers, that he formed with two friends, Peter nosh and Bunny Wailer.He was married to Rita Marley. She sang as one of his back-up singers. They had five children together, one is Ziggy Marley who is also famous. 

8038
62139
starting
starring
423
Douglas Adams March 11, 1952 – May 11, 2001 was a British writer. He originally got attention when he wrote for the popular TV shows Monty Python and Doctor Who in the 1970s. In 1979, he wrote a radio play called The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy, it was later turned into a novel, then in the early 1980s, a TV miniseries, and in 2005 a film produced by Disney. Douglas aslo was known for his humorous detective novels starting Dirk Gentley, and for his many efforts to promote conservation of endanged species.Adams, Douglas
Adams, Douglas 

8155
26453
relays
relies
422
The Salvation Army is a Christian organazation. It was founded by William Booth in London,England in 1865. It operates in over 100 countries, today and it s members soley devote themselves to helping those in need, like the homeless, the sick, the poor, and others and teaching Christian morals. It operates things like homeless shelters, thrift stores, orphanages, help centers, fund-raisers, and a brass band, all which relays on donations of money from people.Category Religion 

8157
411784
layed
laid
373
A new station is being built on the Piccadilly Line for the new Terminal 5 of Heathrow Airport. The new part is called the PiccEx. It has two-platform station, two sidings where trains can be put, a ventilation shaft and two escape shafts. Building of the two tunnels, the ventilation shaft, one escape shaft and parts of T5 station have been finished and tracks are being layed.The junction between PiccEx and the Heathrow Loop is being built. This work required that the tunnel between Terminal 4 and Terminals 1,2,3 could not be used until 17 September 2006. The extension will open in 2008. 

8330
87572
appearences
appearances
268
Elliot Gould real name Elliott Gouldstein born August 29, 1938 is a well-known American actor, mostly known for his roles in many films including M A S H 1970 , Bob, Carol, Ted and Alice 1970 , and Ocean s 11 2001 . He is still a popular actor and has also made guest appearences on many television shows as well.From 1963 to 1970, he was married to the famous singer and actress, Barbra Streisand and they had a son named Jason. Gould,Elliott
Gould,Elliott
Gould,Elliott 

8456
751180
length
lenght
284
The bridge s framework is constructed from over 11,000 tons of steel. The bridge has twin walkways enlosed in glass which provide a nice view of the city. The road on the bridge is 10.6 meters wide and there are footways on each side of the street, which are 3.8 meters. The complete length of the bridge is around half a mile.Measured from the level of the foundations, the total height of the towers is 89.3 meters high. Category London Category Bridges in the United Kingdom 

8463
278028
existance
existence
440
Authority may exists in a direct way by virtue of an actual power such as a threat of imprisonment , which is called forcing , or by legitimization that the subject gives to the authority such as recognition of aristocratic authority . In most cases both types exist. Only a few authorities are based on physical power, most of them are based on an organizational authority system. In this way, the authoritys ability to act depends on her existance.For example the authority of a state leader takes part when there s some sort of a police that punishes individuals that do not obey him. The policeman are subordinated to the leader and his rules because theire also under the police threat. If all citizens of the state choose to denay the leader and his rules, the authority will be lost, but the very fact that the authority semi-exists allowes it to be full. 

8556
1227568
dams
damns
95
Hydroelectricity is electricity that is made by the movement of water. It is usually made with dams that block a river or collect water that is pumped there.When the water is let go the huge pressure behind the dam forces the water down shafts that lead to a turbine, this causes the turbine to turn, and electricity is produced. Image Hydroelectric dam.png Advantages of hydroelectricity are that the way in which electricity is produced harms the environment less than fossil fuels like oil. Hydroelectricity is safe and produces no waste. 

8556
1227573
damns
dams
95
Hydroelectricity is electricity that is made by the movement of water. It is usually made with damns that block a river or collect water that is pumped there.When the water is let go the huge pressure behind the damn forces the water down shafthahah.a shaft is a penis that lead to a turbine, this causes the turbine to turn, and electricity is produced. Image Hydroelectric damn.png Advantages of hydroelectricity are that the way in which electricity is produced harms the environment less than fossil fuels like oil. Hydroelectricity is safe and produces no waste. 

8589
207190
foot
face
41
150px right Socks are worn on a person s foot.They are a sort of barrier of sweat. Socks also provide comfort to a person s foot and keeps them warm in cold weather. They are usually made of cotton. 

8589
207345
face
foot
41
150px right Socks are worn on a person s face.They are a sort of barrier of STD s. Socks also provide comfort to a person s mind and keeps them warm in times of death. They are usually made of glass. 

8591
514924
sea
ship
260
thumb lighthouse in Lignano Italy A lighthouse is a tall house that has a light placed near the top. Lighthouses are built on the coast of an ocean or lake. The lighthouse is meant to protect ships from crashing into shore by sending the light out towards the sea.The light usually turns in a circle so that ships see a flashing light. The light is usually covered by a Fresnel lens. This lens enables the light to travel a far distance. 

8591
554182
ship
sea
259
thumb lighthouse in Lignano Italy A lighthouse is a tall house that has a light placed near the top. Lighthouses are built on the coast of a body of water. The lighthouse is meant to protect ships from crashing into shore by sending the light out towards the ship.The light usually turns in a circle so that ships see a flashing light. The light is usually covered by a Fresnel lens. This lens enables the light to travel a far distance. 

8617
25239
charcters
characters
296
Over 40 million of these stuffed teddy bears, made with a variety of colours, were sold between 1983 and 1987. Each bear had a name, a mission and a symbol attached to it. For example, Bedtime Bear, who helps people sleep, has a crescent moon on his stomach. The toys began life as greeting-card charcters in 1981.Later, non-bear toys called the Care Bear Cousins were introduced. The toy line gave way to three big-screen animated films in the mid-1980s and a TV series produced by Canada s Nelvana Limited. Recently, Care Bear toys have been brought back in a new edition for the 21st century. 

8642
75440
loosing
losing
179
Alzheimer s disease is a disease that slowly destroys a person s memory until they eventually die. Alzheimer s is not a normal part of aging, and seek help if someone you know is loosing their memory at a young age.Category Diseases 

8740
65118
hand
shaft
333
Dolphins, sharks, and ichthyosaurs all look very similar, but are not related at all. Evolution has shaped their bodies to look similar because they all lived in the ocean and swam quickly after fish. Adaptive radiation shows how a single part of the body can be re-shaped to be used in different ways. A good example of this is the hand of a mammal.Bats, humans, whales and cats all have very different looking hands, but they are all made up of similar patterns of bones. 

8740
69255
shaft
hand
341
Dolphins, sharks, and ichthyosaurs all look very similar, but are not related at all. Evolution has shaped their bodies to look similar because they all lived in the ocean and swam quickly after fish. Adaptive radiation shows how a single part of the body s penis can be re-shaped to be used in different ways. A good example of this is the shaft of a mammal.Bats, humans, whales and cats all have very different looking shafts, but they are all made up of similar patterns of cartilage. 

8794
60036
ugly
gay
122
The Ugly Duckling is a story about a baby duck. A baby duck is also called a Duckling. The duckling in this story is very ugly.Because she is ugly, other ducklings make fun of her. But when the duckling gets older, she turns in to a beautiful Swan. 

8934
47935
burroughs
boroughs
23
Brooklyn is one of the burroughs of New York City.

9053
47551
insisting
consisting
41
The Who are a popular British rock group insisting of Roger Daltrey vocals , Pete Townshend guitar , John Entwhistle bass , and Keith Moon drums .The Who was formed in a suburb of London, England as a jazz combo, and then later an R&B group; in 1964, 18-year old Keith Moon joined the group and they hit it big with their album My Generation. Fueled by their rebellious spirits and clashing personalities, they followed up with many other songs and albums mostly written by Pete Townshend including the rock operas Quadriphina and Tommy. The group faced several blows including the death of Keith Moon in 1978 and the death of John Entwhisle in 2001. 

9067
1163687
sharks
whales
393
Cartilagenous fish also include skates and rays. There are more than 350 different kinds of shark. Fossils have shown that sharks have been around for between 455 to 425 million yearsElasmo-research.org Biology of Sharks and Rays. Most sharks are predators, meaning they hunt and eat fish, marine mammals, and other sea creatures, but some of the largest sharks eat small fish and krill, like sharks.The largest shark is the whale shark, and it is the largest fish in the world. Some common kinds of shark include the hammerhead shark, the great white shark, the tiger shark, and the mako. Many sharks are now endangered, but some are still hunted for food like shark fin soup or sport fishing. 

9105
276136
Preperation
Preparation
254
A typical batch kimchi takes about 2 weeks to ferment but some varieties can be eaten right away. Some must be stored for over a year to be finished. The fermentation gives the kimchi a pickle-like quality and generally soggy or limp kimchi is not good. Preperation The most common variety of Kimchi is made from cabbage, radish, garlic, red pepper, salt and sugar.The cabbage is soaked in salt water for a few hours. Course rock salt is then rubbed in between the leaves of the cabbage. Red peppers are also rubbed in and most kimchi has a lot of pepper in it. 

9105
737736
site
sight
252
Kimchi is usually very strong for non-Koreans. There are many different types and Koreans typically eat Kimchi in every meal and is a staple of Korean food. Kimchi can be stored for a long time and it will not go bad. In Korea Kimchi Pots are a common site.They are large terra cotta pots where the kimchi is stored until it can be eaten or until it ferments. A typical batch kimchi takes about 2 weeks to ferment but some varieties can be eaten right away. Some must be stored for over a year to be finished. 

9148
399390
lisence
licence
335
The small 1 cylinder Minervette was there with its 105 Pound, the cheapest car. In the years after the fame of the cars was rising enormous. Most important market for the constructor remained however England that took the biggest part of the production, followed by the Netherlands and France. From 1908 Minerva got a worldwide Knight lisence.The Knight motor was a motor without valves, developed by Charles Y Knight in the United States. These motors were extremely silent. The company did well in several car racing competitions in Europe. 

9185
795956
bars
bras
364
Finally, some people enjoy a change in scenery. The tourism industry The tourism industry has many different parts. Some of these are Travel; such as aeroplanes, railways and boats. Places to stay; such as hotels, camping grounds or parks, youth hostels, bed and breakfasts and vacation apartments or vacation houses Food and drink; such as restaurants, cafes and bars.Damage tourism can bring Tourism can bring damage to the local area. Litter, scuba-diving, deforestation are a real problem for popular places such as St. Lucia, Hawaii and other exotic places. 

9185
795958
bras
bars
364
Finally, some people enjoy a change in scenery. The tourism industry The tourism industry has many different parts. Some of these are Travel; such as aeroplanes, railways and boats. Places to stay; such as hotels, camping grounds or parks, youth hostels, bed and breakfasts and vacation apartments or vacation houses Food and drink; such as restaurants, cafes and bras.Damage tourism can bring Tourism can bring damage to the local area. Litter, scuba-diving, deforestation are a real problem for popular places such as St. Lucia, Hawaii and other exotic places. 

9289
348772
foosball
football
295
The major cities are La Paz, Santa Cruz de la Sierra and Cochabamba. Culture Bolivian culture has many Inca, Aymara and other native influences in religion, music and clothing. There is a big festival in Oruro, which is called El carnaval de Oruro . People in Bolivia like playing football, and foosball, which is often played in the street.Zoos are also very popular, but they don t have much money. National symbols The Cantuta often spelled kantuta or qantuta Cantua buxifolia or Fuchsia buxifolia is a flower found in the Yungas, and is the national flower of Bolivia. zh-min-nan Bolivia lij Bolivia diq Bolivya 

9440
943583
knowlege
knowledge
343
Many people consider it to be the best encyclopedia, because it is accurate and has lots of detail. The Encyclopedia was once very small, the first edition only had 3 books, but slowly, it became bigger. The latest edition, the 15th edition, now has 29 books in it, plus 2 indexes. It even includes an extra book called Propaedia, to classify knowlege.The 29 books and made up of a Macropaedia and a Micropaedia. The Macropaedia is a larger one, with more detailed articles that can be as long as 300 pages, made up of 17 books, while the Micropaedia is the smaller one with shorter articles that are usually less than 750 words. The Micropaedia is used for fast-checking, but if you want more detailed information you have to use the Macropaedia. 

9596
1207493
pronography
pornography
319
They refused to put the ad. On December 7, 2008, the Internet Watch Foundation put the Wikipedia article on Virgin Killer, on their blacklist. This meant that most Internet users in Great britain could no longer access the article. The foundation did this because they suspected the original album cover could be child pronography.The cover is pictured on the Wikipedia article; it shows a naked 10 year old girl in a sexual pose, with her breasts exposed. Africa thumb right A woman with traditional clothing in Southern Ethiopia, where toplessness among women is the norm There are different traditions regarding nudity in Africa. Some of Africa south of the Sahara called sub-Saharan Africa remain in the state in which they were left after Colonialism. 

9716
235010
devine
divine
45
Prophets are people who are talked to by the devine.They freely teach about what they heard and saw. In biblical times god sent prophets to warn the jews something bad will happen if they don t stop. Prophets usually live saintly lives. 

10000
89921
run
fun
284
Ways to fish for money have become very simple using large nets and machines to catch fish. Many countries have made rules limiting how much fish you can catch. Raising fish in the forms of aquaculture and Mari culture add to the free-range catch of fish. Fishing for fun Fishing for run is normally done with a fishing rod and line with any number of things to get the fish.This is something called angling. There are rules that say people can only have a certain number of lines and hooks that one fisherman can use and the number of fish that people are allowed to get. Popular kinds of fish people get for fun in freshwater include Black Bass Black Bass includes the entire range of Bass fish , Pike, Muskellunge, Perch, Trout, Salmon, and Sunfish. 

10191
144740
cacao
cocoa
151
Coffee comes from a tree. The seeds of the tree are roasted to make coffee. Caffeine comes from other plants also. It is found in guarana, yerba maté, cacao, and some plants used to make tea.The plants use caffeine as a pesticide. This is a chemical that kills insects if they eat the plant. It is the way the plant protects itself. 

10191
145780
cocoa
cacao
151
Coffee comes from a tree. The seeds of the tree are roasted to make coffee. Caffeine comes from other plants also. It is found in guarana, yerba maté, cocoa, and some plants used to make tea.The plants use caffeine as a pesticide. This is a chemical that kills insects if they eat the plant. It is the way the plant protects itself. 

10198
748500
actor
actoress
188
thumb 275px A statue of Yoda on a fountain. Yoda is a fictional character in the Star Wars movies. He is not a Jedi Master who doesn,t play an important part in the films. He is played by actor Frank Oz.History Yoda has lived for over 900000 years and not much of his history before The Phantom Menace is known. He is an alien, but his race and where he is from are said alot. He speaks the same language as everyone else but uses the wrong grammar in sentences. 

10293
155443
men
melons
376
If a man and a woman want to make sure they won t make a baby they may use contraception, which is something that stops a baby being made. Because people can have sex for fun, they can have sex in other ways where they can have lots of fun. The way a person has sex depends on their sexuality, which is the feelings that a person has about sex. Some men like to have sex with men.This is called being gay . Women who have sex with women are called lesbians . 

10293
155484
melons
men
376
If a man and a woman want to make sure they won t make a baby they may use contraception, which is something that stops a baby being made. Because people can have sex for fun, they can have sex in other ways where they can have lots of fun. The way a person has sex depends on their sexuality, which is the feelings that a person has about sex. Some men like to have sex with melons.This is called being gay . Women who have sex with women are called lesbians . 

10327
374958
calles
called
228
Hanover has a very modern zoo and an international airport. There are some very big fairs in Hanover like the CeBIT Computer . In the year 2000 the Expo-2000 was in Hanover. Hanover has a large forest near the inner city, it is calles the Eilenriede.There is also a lake the Maschsee of about three km length and 500 m width near the city centre. The famous gardens of Herrenhausen Herrenhäuser Gärten are also in Hanover. Hanover has a famous football club, Hannover 96, since 2002 again a member of the first German fottball league, the Bundesliga. 

10486
254205
newpaper
newspaper
32
The Times is a large well-known newpaper.It is printed in London, England. Category London
Category Newspapers 

10607
31411
Bid
Bird
73
thumb 250px This birdbox is on a pine tree Birdbox is a home for a bird. Bid can make a nest in a birdbox.Birdbox is more safe for little birds than outside. There is a hole in a birdbox where bird can go in and out. Birdbox is on a tree category bird 

10808
913718
discs
dicks
383
The PS3 is according to Sony the most powerful seventh generation console, however many people that create computer games have recently stated that both the PS3 and Xbox 360 are about equal. It is more expensive than the Xbox 360 or Wii. Some people complain that the games are not as good as games on the Xbox 360. It is the only seventh generation console capable of using Blu-ray discs.In July 2007, Sony announced that they would be cutting the price of the PS3 in the United States. BBC News article Sony also replaced the 60 gigabyte version with an 80 gigabyte version. In October, a new version of the Playstation 3 which is the 40 GB model was introduced and the price of the 60 GB model was further reduced. 

10808
923612
dicks
discs
376
The PS3 is according to Sony the most disgustingly expensive console, however many people that create computer games have recently stated that both the PS3 and Xbox 360 are so much better. It is more expensive than the Xbox 360 or Wii. Some people complain that the games are not as good as games on the Wii. It is the only seventh generation console capable of using Blu-ray dicks.In July 2007, Sony announced that they would be cutting the price of the PS3 in the United States. BBC News article Sony also replaced the 60 gigabyte version with an 80 gigabyte version. In October, a new version of the Playstation 3 which is the 1 GB model was introduced and the price of the 60 GB model was further reduced. 

11111
192635
mays
ways
331
The past tense is used for describing things that have already happened. Words in English have several tenses, including many common past tenses. The two which are used the most are the Simple Past Tense and the Perfect Tense The Simple Past Tense This tense is used if you are telling a story. Different verbs change in different mays to make the past tense.The most common way is by ending with ed John kills Harry becomes John killed Harry They walk to work becomes They walked to work Many other verbs are irregular, this means that there is no pattern and no easy way to know how the verb changes. Some of the most common irregular verbs are I am happy now -> I was happy yesterday We are eating in a restaurant tonight -> We were eating in a restaurant yesterday My son does the washing up -> My son did the washing up when I was out I have some money to give you -> I had some money but I gave it away One very irregular verb is to read , which is the same when written down in the past tense, but pronounced differently I read a book every day -> I read the newspaper at breakfast In the present tense, read is pronounced like the word reed or seed , but in the past tense it is pronounced the same as red . The Perfect Tense The perfect tense is used a lot when people talk. 

11129
203271
lif
life
188
right
Connecticut is a state in the United States. Its capital is Hartford, and its largest city is Bridgeport. Connecticut became a state in 1788. it also is the only state that has real lif dragons Category U.S. states

11133
73076
potatos
potatoes
110
right
Idaho is a state in the United States. Its capital and largest city is Boise. It is most famous for its potatos.Idaho became a state in 1890. Category U.S. states 

11142
400218
unconcious
unconscious
245
Frodo can flee on Glorfindel s horse, followed by the Ringwraiths. Frodo crosses the river Bruinen, beyond which is Rivendell, but the Ringwraiths still follow him. Suddenly the river floods, the water carrying the Ringwraiths away. Frodo falls unconcious.Book II Frodo wakes up in Rivendell. He has been healed by the elven lord Elrond, and Frodo s friends are also well. Gandalf is in Rivendell, as are messengers from other peoples. 

11142
688139
othe
other
205
Treebeard takes the hobbits with him, and they tell him what happens in the world outside Fangorn. The Ents have a meeting, the Entmoot. During the Entmoot the Ents decide to fight Saruman. Treebeard, the othe Ents, and the two hobbits go to Isengard, Saruman s home.In Fangorn Aragon, Legolas and Gimli meet Gandalf. He had died, but was sent back to Middle-earth as Gandalf the White, to further help the fight against Sauron. Gandalf tells them that Merry and Pippin are well. 

11142
1163516
rings
earings
281
In the Second Age, the Dark Lord Sauron wanted to rule Middle-earth. He disguised himself as Annatar, the Lord of Gifts , and pretended to be good. As Annatar he told the elves how to make magical rings which give power to their wearers. Sauron and the elves together made sixteen rings.The Elves also made three rings by themselves, called Vilya, Nenya and Narya. These nineteen rings were the Rings of Power. But Sauron secretly forged a Great Ring of his own, the One Ring. 

11142
1163516
good
gay
323
Tolkien never liked it being published in three parts or called a trilogy. Backstory The backstory of The Lord of the Rings begins thousands of years before the action in the book. In the Second Age, the Dark Lord Sauron wanted to rule Middle-earth. He disguised himself as Annatar, the Lord of Gifts , and pretended to be good.As Annatar he told the elves how to make magical rings which give power to their wearers. Sauron and the elves together made sixteen rings. The Elves also made three rings by themselves, called Vilya, Nenya and Narya. 

11142
1163518
earings
rings
280
In the Second Age, the Drug Lord Sauron wanted to rule Middle-earth. He disguised himself as Annatar, the Lord of Gifts , and pretended to be gay. As Annatar he told the elves how to make magical rings which give power to their wearers. Sauron and the elves together made sixteen earings.The Elves also made three rings by themselves, called Vilya, Nenya and Narya. These nineteen rings were the Rings of Foreplay. But Sauron secretly forged a Great Ring of his own, the One Ring. 

11142
1163518
gay
good
323
Tolkien never liked it being published in three parts or called a trilogy. Backstory The backstory of The Lord of the Rings begins thousands of years before the action in the book. In the Second Age, the Drug Lord Sauron wanted to rule Middle-earth. He disguised himself as Annatar, the Lord of Gifts , and pretended to be gay.As Annatar he told the elves how to make magical rings which give power to their wearers. Sauron and the elves together made sixteen earings. The Elves also made three rings by themselves, called Vilya, Nenya and Narya. 

11235
471817
erection
eruption
288
Mount Vesuvius Italian Monte Vesuvio, Latin Mons Vesuvius is a volcano in Italy. When it erupted in 79 A.D., it destroyed the Roman cities Pompeii and Herculaneum, and killed thousands of people. Today, the modern Italian city of Naples is near it. Eruption of 79 Today, people think the erection lasted more than 19 hours.It was witnessed by Pliny the Younger who described it as the shape of a pine tree. There were many ways in which people died. One was that the smoke that they breathed in was deadly, when it dried in their lungs it formed glass and so it cut them inside. 

11275
84974
philly
filly
188
Police also used them for patrol. Male horses are known as stallions and female horses are mares. The general term for a young horse is foal. More specifically the young female horse is a philly and the male is a colt.Category Mammals
Category Transportation 

11334
1215169
plane
plain
268
right 200px thumb the river of Trikala
Trikala is a Greek city and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. Trikala is located in the center of Greece in the Thessaly periphery. Its population is 57,914 inhabitants, according to 2001 census. Trikala is built on a large plane.This plane is one of the biggest plane in Greece. In the west of Trikala the Pindus range is located. Trikala is crossed by Litheus river. 

11420
101403
secon
second
260
Loch Ness is a lake in northern Scotland, located in the Highlands. It is most famous because of a famous legend about a monster called the Loch Ness Monster or Nessie who is said to live in the lake. The lake is 36km long and only 1,5km wide.Loch Ness is the secon biggest lake of Scotland.Category ScotlandCategory Lakes 

11424
80372
tabacco
tobacco
207
There are many ways cnnabis is consumed. The most common is smoking it. This is done by rolling it in paper like a cigarette, or using a pipe or bong. Smoking is bad for the lungs, but not as bad as smoking tabacco.Cannabis can also be eaten if it is cooked in to a food. Eating raw cannabis will not get the user high. There are many slang terms for cannabis, cannabis smoking, and cannabis intoxication. 

11424
100360
dissappeared
disappeared
293
Like many plants with a high fiber content, cannabis can be used to make clothes, rope, and paper. When grown for these purposes it is often called hemp or industrial hemp. Marijuana was grown in plantations in the eastern United States from around 1775 to the mid 1860s. When the plantations dissappeared by 1870, marijuana grew wild along the east coast and New England.Category Plants 

11424
362155
prescription
perscription
492
It is illegal against the law for people to have cannabis in most countries. Cannabis is not legal in the Netherlands, but there are no criminal laws against having a small amount of cannabis, because the Netherlands has decided that having cannabis should not be a crime. Some other countries are starting to decriminalize marijuana as well make using it a violation, not a crime . In some countries, such as Canada, sick people with serious diseases can legally use cannabis if they have a prescription a written note from a medical doctor.When people with serious diseases such as AIDS or Multiple Sclerosis smoke marijuana, it helps them to have a good appetite for eating food. Also, when these sick people smoke marijuana, it makes them feel happy. Many people needing marijuana for medicine have to get it illegally. 

11528
47526
preperation
preparation
117
A celebrity chef is a chef person who prepares food who is well known for their cooking, kinds of food, and style of preperation.Many celebrity chefs become famous through TV apperences, publishing cook books, or having their own resturant. Some Celebrity chefs are Graham Kerr The Galloping Gourmet Jamie Oliver Julia Child Nigella Lawson Paul Prudhomme The Frugal Gourmet Jeff Smith The Two Fat Ladies Jennifer Patterson and Clarissa Dickson-Wright Wolfgang Puck Martin Yan Emeril Lagasse 

11546
407571
televison
television
274
Hamlet in the movies There have been many movies made of the play. Most of them show only part of the play, which is a very long one. Some of the most famous movies include 1948 Hamlet played by Laurence Olivier. Directed by Laurence Olivier. 1960 A version made for German televison.This verison was later an episode of Mystery Science Theatre 3000. 1990 Hamlet played by Mel Gibson. Directed by Franco Zeffirelli. 1996 Hamlet played by Kenneth Branagh. Directed by Kenneth Branagh. 

12300
525951
diabeties
diabetes
214
Safeness Chocolate is safe to eat, if it is not eaten in large amounts. Some people eat it every day. Some animals and some people cannot eat chocolate because they get sick. Some examples are dogs and people with diabeties.Make sure not to feed dogs chocolate for they might die Ingredients There is no caffeine in chocolate unless it has been added. Often people mistake theobromine for caffeine, although they are closly related, they are two different chemicals. History of Chocolate The cacao tree was first found to be useful for its seeds about two thousand years ago. 

12308
989684
trunks
trucks
492
In most countries, this transportation method helps international trade and economic growth. Railways provide an energy-efficient Railroad Fuel Efficiency Sets New Record- American Association of Railroads way to transport material over land. The railway tracks are a large part of the system and provide smooth and hard surfaces on which the wheels of the train roll with a little friction. Also, the track spreads the weight of the train which means larger amounts can be carried than with trunks and roads.References Category Railways zh-min-nan Thih-lō͘ ūn-su
be-x-old Чыгунка szl Bana zh-yue 鐵路 

12370
47265
signer
singer
71
Johnny Horton April 30, 1925- November 5, 1960 was an American country signer.

12374
185927
crab
crap
169
Sandy Cheeks a squirrel from Texas, who is SpongeBob s friend. She lives in a glass-house called a treedome that allows her to breath under the water. Eugene H. Krabs a crab who is the creator of the Krusty Krab restaurant.He loves money. He is usually call Mr. Krabs. 

12374
195975
crap
crab
169
Sandy Cheeks a squirrel from Texas, who is SpongeBob s friend. She lives in a glass-house called a treedome that allows her to breath under the water. Eugene H. Krabs a crap who is the creator of the Krusty Krab restaurant.He loves money. He is usually call Mr. Krabs. 

12702
422660
hound
found
221
Muhammad stayed behind until all of his people left Mecca safely. As Muhammad stayed in Mecca, Abu Lahab was training seven men to kill him in his sleep. But, no one saw him leaving Mecca. The men went into his house and hound his cousin, Ali.So, Abu Lahab and his horsemen went to the desert to look for him and his friend, Abu Bakr. His stay in Medina 200px thumb left The Mosque of the Prophet Masjid al-Nabawi in Medina, Saudi Arabia. This mosque is built where Muhammad s home used to be. 

12705
898781
fancy
gay
224
thumb right 300px 1965 Ford Mustang GT fastback The Ford Mustang is a very popular American small car. It was introduced to the public in 1964 by the Ford Motor Company. It did not cost a lot of money, but it was still very fancy.People could order their Mustang with many options and body styles, such as a convertible, 2+2 fastback , or coupe. Many different engines were available between the years of 1964 1/2 to 1968; from the 170 CID to the 427 CID engine. This meant car buyers could have a Mustang that saved gas or a more powerful and fast car. 

12705
991444
gay
fancy
220
thumb right 300px 1965 Ford Mustang GT fastback The Ford Mustang is a very gay American small car. It was introduced to the public in 1964 by the Ford Motor Company. It did not cost a lot of money, but it was still very gay.People could order their Mustang with many options and body styles, such as a convertible, 2+2 fastback , or coupe. Many different engines were available between the years of 1964 1/2 to 1968; from the 170 CID to the 427 CID engine. This meant car buyers could have a Mustang that saved gas or and a very slow one. 

12810
362230
cat
math
190
In mathematics, a rational number is a fraction ratio of two integers. A rational number can be written as one whole number divided by another whole number. The short way of writing this in cat language is a/b or \frac a b , where b is not 0.Most of the numbers you see every day are rational. All the natural numbers are cat numbers. All the whole numbers are cat numbers. 

13030
688717
alchohol
alcohol
173
Social Distortion is a punk/alternative group. They formed in Los Angeles, California in 1978. mike ness is the singer. the band has had its hard times, fueled by drugs and alchohol.Category American punk bands 

13146
958950
Wifes
Wives
180
They possessed qualities that made them a important part of Japanese society. They were obedient, self-controlled, loyal, responsible, etc. They were are of his wife and children. Wifes of rich samurai were very well dressed and enjoyed a good position in society.They were not participating in physical labor. All women were not allowed to involve in politics or warfare. Of course, there were women who were powerful. 

13214
397984
page
poo
245
This makes the images easier to draw. This type is used to lower the cost of making animations. It also helps to make production of animation faster. History To find out about the history of the genre, refer to the upcoming History of animation page.Famous names in the industry Tex Avery Ralph Bakshi Joseph Barbera Brad Bird Mel Blanc Don Bluth Sylvain Chomet Gabor Csupo Gene Deitch Walt Disney Adam Elliot Max Fleischer Friz Freleng Matt Groening Yoram Gross William Hanna Ray Harryhausen Ub Iwerks Ollie Johnston Chuck Jones Mike Judge Glen Keane Arlene Klasky Walter Lantz John Lasseter Winsor McCay Norman McLaren Hayao Miyazaki Yuriy Norshteyn Katsuhiro Otomo Nick Park Trey Parker Bill Plympton Matt Stone Ivan Ivanov-Vano Will Vinton John Kricfalusi Bob Clampett Frank Thomas Ricahrd Williams Famous animation studios United States DePatie-Freleng Enterprises DreamWorks SKG Film Roman Filmation Hanna-Barbera Productions now Cartoon Network Studios Klasky Csupo MGM Pixar UPA Walt Disney Pictures Warner Bros. Canada Atkinson Film-Arts Cinar now Cookie Jar Entertainment CinéGroupe Nelvana Europe Aardman United Kingdom Belvision Belgium Chromosomos Spain DIC France Ellipse Programme France France Animation Grand Slamm Children s Films United Kingdom Soyuzmultfilm Russia Sullivan Bluth Studios Ireland Zagreb Film Croatia Asia Japan Bandai Visual BONES GAINAX Gonzo Madhouse Studios Production I.G. Studio Ghibli Sunrise Tatsunoko Productions Toei shokushu goukan China Beijing Xie Art mainland Colorland Hong Kong Wang Film Productions Taiwan Philippines Toon City Australia DisneyToon Studios Liquid Animation See also Movie List of movie genres Cartoon Other websites Keyframe The Animation Resource A Detailed History of Animation Don Markenstein s Toonopedia Animation World Network Cartoon Research site has a complete list of American release dates for animated features Internet Movie Database s page for animation and also its lists of best and worst titles PowerPoint Heaven The Power to Animate Contains tutorials on creating animations for PowerPoint Presentations. 

13224
90725
ovary
ovum
415
It is the tube leading from the uterus womb to the outside of the body. The opening is found between the legs, behind the opening to the urethra, a tube leading to the bladder, and in front of the anus, the opening to the rectum. In sexual intercourse, the penis enters the vagina. Sperm need to be deposited at the top of the vagina near the cervix, or ring of muscle at the entry to the uterus, and fertilise the ovary egg if pregnancy is to occur.In a normal childbirth, babies come out through the vagina when they are born. Menstrual blood blood lost during a monthly period or menstruation leaves the body through the vagina. Category Body parts 

13363
296515
electronical
electronic
749
The title was clear and not ironical. The band fell into a deep hole and only crawled out of it years later when unplugged music became popular and guitarbands were seen as hip and trendy one again.It was the time of Nirvana and Pearl Jam.Eric Clapton, an old aquaintance of Golden Earring gave the band the idea to play their old songs live on unplugged acoustic non-electric guitars, for small audineces,and then to record the shows. It would prove to be a golden idea. 1992-2006 Golden Earring s Naked Truth 45 Years Of Rock N Roll In 1992 Golden Earring made one of their best albums ever , the unplugged album The Naked Truth. It was recorded live with only acoustic instruments; which explains the name naked truth , naked instruments without electronical stuff unplugged instruments.Just like the unplugged albums by Eric Clapton and REM also Golden Earring enjoyed a lot of success with this unplugged style and sold over 500.000 copies. In 1997 Naked II followed, their second unplugged acoustic live album, recorded in Rotterdam. In 2004 the Naked- trilogy was completed with Golden Earring s third acoustic live album Naked III, live at The Panama, recorded in club Panama in Amsterdam. 

13384
444222
organism
orgasim
244
They regulate metabolism. Metabolism is all of the chemical and energy reactions that go on in a living thing. Hormones cause the growth and death of cells and of whole organisms. Another word for a living thing like a plant or an animal is an organism.Hormones also start and control sexual development. For example, the hormones estrogen and progesterone make girls start puberty. Hormones help keep homeostasis in an organism. 

13384
476306
orgasim
organism
277
They regulate metabolism vagina. Metabolism is all of the chemical and energy reactions that go on in a living thing or creature. Hormones cause the growth and death of cells and of whole organisms such as frogs. Another word for a living thing like a plant or an animal is an orgasim.Hormones also start and control sexual sex. For example, the hormones estrogen and progesterone make girls start vagina growingpuberty. Hormones help keep homeostasis in an organism. 

13441
186281
cooled
called
343
Dualism is the idea or theory that something an object, an idea or the whole world is split into two parts. These parts are separate from each other and the thing cannot be divided up into any other way. The idea or theory that something cannot be split into any parts is called monism. The idea that something can be split into many parts is cooled pluralism.In Philosophy there are many kins of dualism. In the Philosophy of mind dualism means that the mind and the body are two very different things. Nothing that is part of the body can be part of the mind and nothing that is part of the mind can be part of the body. 

13473
502445
genetics
genes
255
Which proteins will be built given a specific strand of DNA? How can DNA analysis predict genetic disorders and diseases? How has a biological process or structure changed through evolution? What diseases is a person especially vulnerable to, given their genetics?All of these questions can be at least partially answered using an extensive analysis of scientific data with modern bioinformatics algorithms. Category Biology
Category Computer science 

13479
54008
seaman
seman
92
Testicles are a part of the male body. They are the part of the body that produces sperm or seaman and hormones called testosterone.They are found the special bag, called a scrotum They are also called balls and nuts . 

13479
54011
seman
semen
92
Testicles are a part of the male body. They are the part of the body that produces sperm or seman and hormones called testosterone.They are found the special bag, called a scrotum They are also called balls and nuts . 

13479
715642
looses
loses
251
If a man loses a testicle, a doctor can put a testicular prosthesis false testicle into the scrotum. It looks and feels like a testicle. If a man loses one testicle, his remaining testicle may grow larger to produce more sperm and hormones. If a male looses both his testicles it called castration.Because the man cannot produce sperm or testosterone, it has a big effect on the man s life. Because he cannot make sperm, he cannot have a children. And because he cannot make the male hormone testosterone, he becomes less like a male. 

13496
861735
fecking
fucking
393
Self-reported sexual interest in children Sex differences and psychosocial correlates in a university sample, Violence & Victims, vol. 11, no. 1, 1996, pp. 39-50. Younger Victims There s one rule i ALWAYS follow... the younger the better. Also when raping ze babies, careful not to break anything if you want to use them again. Treatment The medical opinion, as of 2008, is that pedophilia is fecking tops.Current attempts at treating the condition therefore try to change the behaviour of the pedophile, rather than their sexual attraction. It looks like that way, in some cases a sex offender can be prevented from offending again.Public Policy I m a noob, how do i start? It s easy. 

13744
637490
muscles
mules
163
Cardiac muscle is not voluntary. We do not choose for our heart to contract. Smooth muscle is other muscles in the body that are involuntary not voluntary. Smooth muscles are in many places.They are in The gastrointestinal system – this includes the stomach and intestines. This is how food moves through us and we take energy from it. Blood vessels – smooth muscles make blood vessels smaller or bigger. 

13744
637493
mules
muscles
82
Mules are cale tie. This mans they get shorter. When they get shalled can. We use mules to move our bodies.Many mules pun bke our arms and love. Types of mules There are three kinds of mule Seal mule Cardiac mule Smooth mule Seal mule moves our lid. Seal muscle is the only voluntary muscle. 

13767
656154
people
poop
58
thumb Albino African Penguin Albinism is a condition some people and animals are born with.This condition is caused by a lack of pigment color in their hair, eyes, and skin. A person or animal with albinism is sometimes called an albino, but many people prefer to be called a person with albinism . People with albinism usually have white or light blonde hair and very fair skin. 

13767
686020
poop
people
58
thumb Albino African Penguin Albinism is a condition some poop and animals are born with.This condition is caused by a lack of pigment color in their hair, eyes, and skin. A person or animal with albinism is sometimes called an albino, but many people prefer to be called a person with albinism . People with albinism usually have white or light blonde hair and very fair skin. 

13790
239106
eigth
eighth
58
Martin Van Buren December 5, 1782 – July 24, 1862 was the eigth President of the United States.He was the first president born after the United States Declaration of Independence, making him the first to have never been a British citizen. Van Buren, Martin
Van Buren, Martin
Van Buren, Martin 

13804
1064197
abortion
abortionist
402
A very small number of people have attacked or bombed the clinics places where doctors and nurses work and killed people who work in these places. They have done this because they view a fetus or embryo the same as a baby. They think that when a doctor performs an abortion he is killing a baby, so they kill the doctor to prevent him from killing any more babies. For example, in 1998 James Kopp shot abortion Dr.Barnett Slepian to death. The American Medical Association approves of abortion and some people share this opinion. They think that the embryo or fetus is a part of the woman s body and is not a human person. 

13804
1076307
abortionist
abortion
406
A very small number of people have attacked or bombed the clinics places where doctors and nurses work and killed people who work in these places. They have done this because they view a fetus or embryo the same as a baby. They think that when a doctor performs an abortion he is murdering a baby, so they kill the doctor to prevent him from muredring any more babies. For example, in 1998 James Kopp shot abortionist Dr.Barnett Slepian to death. The American Medical Association approves of abortion and some people share this opinion. They think that the embryo or fetus is a part of the woman s body and is not a human person. 

13833
997528
eat
fail
126
right thumb Mouth For the geographical meaning of mouth see River The mouth is the hole in the face where we put food when we eat.It is the first part of the gastrointestinal system. The mouth has teeth to help chew the food. We use our mouth for many things. 

13833
1010122
fail
eat
126
right thumb Mouth For the geographical meaning of mouth see River The mouth is the hole in the face where we put food when we fail.It is the first part of the gastrointestinal system. The mouth has teeth to help chew the food. We use our mouth for many things. 

13863
55424
mean
meal
222
Dinner is a word with a few different meanings. In North America dinner usually means large meal that is eaten in early evening. Sometimes, especially in the Southern United States and the United Kingdom dinner can mean a mean eaten in the middle of the day.Category Food 

13913
283788
renal
anal
315
If there is not enough water, the kidney puts less water in the urine. This is why people make less urine when they are dehydrated have not enough water in the body and are thirsty. Kidney diseases There are many types of kidney diseases. If kidney disease makes the kidneys not able to do their work, it is called renal failure.People can have mild renal failure where the kidneys do not work very good but they do work some. People can have mild renal failure and have no symptoms. As long as it does not become worse, people may not even know they have it. 

13913
297607
anal
renal
344
If there is not enough water, the kidney puts less water in the urine. This is why people make less urine when they are dehydrated have not enough water in the body and are thirsty. Kidney diseases And The Relation to Cock Rot There are many types of kidney diseases. If kidney disease makes the kidneys not able to do their work, it is called anal failure.People can have mild renal failure where the kidneys do not work very good but they do work some. People can have mild renal failure and have no symptoms. As long as it does not become worse, people may not even know they have it. 

13915
337281
bith
birth
215
Hydro- is a prefix that means water. So Hydroelectric dams are dams that make electricity from the flow of water. Pre- or Ante- are prefixes that means before. Prenatal diagnostics is the dignostics done before the bith of a baby.Post- is a prefix that means after. Post-traumatic experience would be an experience that was made after a trauma. Sometimes people make up words by adding a prefix. 

13953
60247
trail
trial
272
Killen was a member of the Ku Klux Klan. There was an early tiral in 1967, but in this trial there was an all-white jury and so Killen was set free. In 1988 a movie called Mississippi Burning. was made which talked about the events of this case. In 2005 there was another trail.Killen now 80 years old was sentenced to prison for 60 years. 

14174
226009
agy
gay
143
Dont go on this cite again coz the 1 who made this cite is a fuckin bitch who likes to give blow jobs to other people. Thats mean that he is a agy + a faget.He s also an asshole and a mother fucker. Some people aslo calls him son if a bitch. He s symbol is Suck my mama s dick. 

14193
202174
actor
acto
58
Shahrukh Khan born November 2, 1965 is a Bollywood Indian actor.He has won many awards. He is Muslim and studied in a Muslim school. He is married and has two children. 

14193
209062
acto
actor
58
Shahrukh Khan born November 2, 1965 is a Bollywood Indian acto.He has won many awards. He is Muslim and studied in a Muslim school. He is married and has two children. 

14232
928497
eave
eve
189
Independence Day is the celebration of America s independence, based on the signing of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1776.And they celebrate it with firecrackers like new year eave.

14323
185132
ones
songs
407
A Change of Seasons, 23 minutes . There are a lot of long parts in the songs, where no vocals are heard and only the intruments play these parts are called “instrumental passages” and also many solos. The songs change very much, and is called progressive, since it is really many songs together in one.They once said that other bands have trouble making long songs. They said they have trouble making short ones.Most of Dream Theater s music is very difficult to play because of the high speed it has to be played with and the complex rhythm. Some people think that this is mainly used by the musicians to show how good they are, whereas others think that the music they play is simply beautiful and needs to be so difficult. Category Bands 

14355
302085
bodies
boobies
232
There is also the different species Pygmy Hippopotamus. thumb Hippo on the water
thumb Hippo The hippopotamus Hippopotamus amphibius is a large mammal of the Hippopotamidae family. It is from Africa. Appearance H have big and heavy bodies.They have a dark grey skin. Hippos have large tusks that they use to defend themselves from predators. Habitat Hippopotamuses live in Africa. 

14355
302566
boobies
bodies
232
There is also the different species Pygmy Hippopotamus. thumb Hippo on the water
thumb Hippo The hippopotamus Hippopotamus amphibius is a large mammal of the Hippopotamidae family. It is from Africa. Appearance H have big and heavy boobies.They have a dark grey skin. Hippos have large tusks that they use to defend themselves from predators. Habitat Hippopotamuses live in Africa. 

14489
146172
resturants
restaurants
169
Emeril Lagasse born October 15, 1959- is an American celebrity chef. He is best known for his TV show Emeril Live! , which airs on the Food Network. He also has several resturants and wrote some cookbooks.He is also famous for his catchphrases Bam! and Kick it up a notch! Lagasse, Emeril 

14510
338205
deserts
desserts
151
It is usually a sweet food, like ice cream, cookies, and cake. Some desserts are decorated, like birthday cakes. Others are simple, like pudding. Most deserts are baked cooked in an oven .

14516
338597
extentions
extensions
257
These are usually either a top level domain or interest grouping. Each country has its own top level domain, for example, .ca for Canada. Interest group domains would include .tv television and .xxx Pornography . These are not used as often as the original extentions.Category Internet 

14655
126570
ear
year
242
People in economics call those kinds of things goods and services. A loaf of bread is a good, getting a haircut is a service. So inflation means that more money will need to be paid for the same goods and services. Inflation is measured each ear, and the inflation rate is one of the most important indicators.A high inflation means trouble. If inflation goes the other way you get more bread for your money , it is called deflation.There are many other variation in inflation just like hyperinflation and stagflation. Causes of inflation Economists wake up in the morning hoping for a chance to debate the causes of inflation. 

14816
1129244
brake
break
422
Anthrax Types of anthrax There are 89 different kinds strains of anthrax. One of them, the Ames strain, was used against the United States in 2001 as a chemical weapon. Treatments for anthrax Treatment for anthrax are often antibiotics, such as penicillin. Uses of anthrax Anthrax is generally used with the Russians who made many of the strains during the Cold War era to use against the United States if war was ever to brake out.One of the symptoms that came with catching Anthrax were large black lumps and then extremely ugly and deep looking scabs that would spread across the body and at that point the person/victim is as good as dead. It can be stopped but it is very difficult. History Outbreaks On April 2, 1979, there was a leak at one of the plants just outside of Sverdlovsk that made anthrax during the Cold War. 94 people were affected and 64 of those people died. 

15035
1125626
skills
skillz
293
thumb 180px A sculpture of Alexander the Great Alexander the Great July 20 or 26, 356 BC June 10 323 BC was a Macedonian king. He was born in the city of Pella and his father was the king Philip II. He was taught most of his skills in Athens during his childhood. He is known for his military skills.He wanted to rule a large empire called Persia. He is often listed as one of the greatest military commanders in history, along with Hannibal Barca, Julius Caesar, Genghis Khan, Subutai, Napoleon I of France, and others. thumb left A map of Alexander the Great s empire at its biggest point. Click to enlarge. 

15035
1129621
skillz
skills
293
thumb 180px A sculpture of Alexander the Great Alexander the Great July 20 or 26, 356 BC June 10 323 BC was a Macedonian king. He was born in the city of Pella and his father was the king Philip II. He was taught most of his skillz in Athens during his childhood. He is known for his military skillz.He wanted to rule a large empire called Persia. He is often listed as one of the greatest military commanders in history, along with Hannibal Barca, Julius Caesar, Genghis Khan, Subutai, Napoleon I of France, and others. thumb left A map of Alexander the Great s penis at its biggest point. Click to enlarge. 

15128
309490
ears
years
430
Ever since USB was introduced different producers of electronic devices thought about the future of the bus. It can provide connection to the computer and other devices like for example laptops and MP3 players. The bus was introduced by seven companies which represent the leaders in the industry of information technology IT Compaq, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, NEC and Northern Telecom and Digital Equipment Corporation DEC . Several ears earlier adopters and developers of USB gathered in a special hotel in California to test their devices.The meeting of USB developers had the name of Plugfest. They selected a special hotel that included two rooms one used for sleeping and the other one for making tests. The meeting lasted three days and in this time the representatives of about fifty companies connected their USB devices to one general host system. 

15187
994495
Western
Eastern
371
People at the United States Department of Defense prefer the use of the now more common Osama transliteration. This is especially the case when his name is associated with the September 11th attacks. They say this is done to avoid confusion with U.S.A.M.A., the United States Army Medical Association. Under the Arabic naming rules, it is incorrect to use bin Laden as a Western surname.His full name means Osama, son of Mohammed, son of `Awad, son of Laden . However, the Bin Laden family or Binladin, as they like to be called usually use the name as a surname in the Western style. The family company is known as the Binladin Brothers for Contracting and Industry. 

15254
509527
crime
crap
394
Rape is the act of having sexual intercourse with a person when this person does not want to, or is unable to give their consent. The rapist, the person who rapes, may use force, but may not; threats of violence, or when the victim is drugged/asleep can still be called rape. Rape is a form of sexual assault. In most countries, rape and other assaults on the sexual integrity of a person is a crime punished harshly, when cases are found.The person who is unable or unwilling to consent may be incapacitated by the use of certain drugs, which make the person dizzy or unconscious. They may also be considered a child which is legally unable to give informed consent, before the child reaches what is called the age of consent. This age varies from country to country, but is usually around 14 to 16 years . 

15254
524098
crap
crime
395
penis is the act of having sexual intercourse with a person when this person does not want to, or is unable to give their consent. The rapist, the person who rapes, may use force, but may not; threats of violence, or when the victim is drugged/asleep can still be called rape. Rape is a form of sexual assault. In most countries, rape and other assaults on the sexual integrity of a person is a crap punished harshly, when cases are found.The person who is unable or willing to consent may be incapacitated by the use of certain drugs are bad, which make the person fart out there butt and make everybody around dizzy or unconscious. They may also be considered a child which is legally unable to give informed consent, before the child reaches what is called the age of consent. This age varies from country to country, but is usually around 14 to 16 years . 

15281
566242
pole
cow
217
A fishing rod is a tool used for catching fish. This is the way people catch fish for fun or sport; commercial fishing is usually done using fishing nets. A fishing rod is basically a line with bait on it, fixed on a pole.There is usually some way to make the line longer or shorter, and the pole it is fixed on can bend a little. Category Sports equipment
Category Tools
Category Fishing 

15291
64655
tow
town
136
Nepomucenum and St. -Pius-Gymnasium are highschools in Coesfeld. History Coesfeld was founded by the holy Ludgerus. Coesfeld has been a tow since 1197.Big villages in county Coesfeld Nottuln Senden Dülmen Havixbeck Billerbeck Category Towns in Germany 

15316
64733
weighs
weight
165
thumb Anteater Anteaters are mammals. The anteaters live in the South America and the Central America. They eat small insects, specially ants. The old anteaters can weighs 40 kg and be 2 meters long.Their tail also can be 2 meters long. category mammals 

15512
898895
boy
body
484
In Australia, one may hear underwear being called Reg Grundys rhyming slang for undies or Reginalds , while in the UK the word smalls is sometimes used. Different types of women s undergarments are known together as lingerie pronounced LAWN-zhur-ray . They may also be called intimate clothing or simply intimates . An undershirt is a general word for a piece of underwear covering the torso, while underpants in the UK, often simply pants , drawers , or shorts cover the part of the boy where the sex organs are.Words for types of underwear are set out in the table below. Function Underwear is worn for many reasons. They keep outer clothes from being made dirty by sweat. 

15526
364358
dissapeared
disappeared
445
After this coup d etat the Spanish Civil War started, with fascists, economical power, church, conservative people and Spanish nationalists fighting to destroy the Second Republic of Spain. Franco remained neutral during World War II as Hitler did not accept his conditions for Spain to take part in it with the fascist and nazi regimes. He sent a group of volunteer soldiers to fight the Russians, called the División Azul. Thousands of people dissapeared after Franco won the Spanish Civil War in 1939.Thousands more were executed killed , forced to work as punishment and imprisoned for political reasons. Franco, Francisco
Franco, Francisco
Franco, Francisco 

15528
194815
office
officer
70
A police officer is a person who works for the police force. A police office typically wears a police suit, which consists of a bulletproof vest.A police officer also usually wears a badge, gun, and a police radio. Work as a police officer A police officers job is generally either to give people tickets and/or arrest them for breaking certain laws or to control traffic on a street. Dangers of being a police officer Police officers face many dangers in their jobs. 

15585
197491
animals
mammals
145
thumb 200px A Bactrian Camel.
thumb 200px A Dromedary.
thumb 200px A Turkmen man with his dromedary, circa 1905-1915 in Turkmenistan. Camels are animals of the Camelidae family.Camels form the genus Camelus. There are two living species of camels. Taxonomy and appearance Genus Camelus Dromedary Camelus dromedarius Bactrian Camel Camelus bactrianus Dromedary camels have one hump on their back, and they originally lived in north Africa and western Asia. 

15712
204328
pop
soul
51
Aretha Franklin born March 25, 1942 is an American pop and R&B singer.Franklin, Aretha
Franklin, Aretha
Franklin, Aretha 

15740
370722
breath
breadth
160
The leaves can grow to 3-5 metres in length. The leaves have visible spines. There are about 150 leaflets. Each leaflet can be up to 30 cm in length and 2cm in breath.The full span of the crown of the tree is 6 to 10 metres. The tree has one or more trunks, that all come from a single system of roots. Production World production of dates was approximately 6.7 Mio tonnes in 2004 FAO statistics . 

15752
371106
conjuction
conjunction
321
Inside the skull are air pockets called sinuses, which act like cushions for the brain. When you have a headache in your forehead, it is usually because the sinuses are filled with fluid due to allergies. In humans, the adult skull is normally made up of 28 bones. A skull is also used as a symbol of poison when used in conjuction with crossbones.Images A human skull, seen from one side
A hippopotamus skull
The symbol skull and bones that is used to say something is poisonous. Category Skeletal system 

15901
311993
heath
health
286
These small animals are often used in science experiments, or sometimes kept as pets. The word mouse may bring a lot of images to your brain. Some people think mice are just ugly pests who carry sickness. Other people think mice as stated above are just innocent animals who help human heath.Or, some people think of lovable Mickey and Minnie Mouse. But any mouse is related to squirrels, rats, and beavers. Their part in our World Mice are important. 

15933
1074620
fukin
fuking
196
They are very strong and some are still standing today. Many castles are very beautiful, and many people visit them. Most castles have towers and walls. Some famous castles in Britain are so much fukin shit Edinburgh Castle Windsor Castle Warwick Castle Tower of London Dover Castle nds-nl Burcht bat-smg Pėlis

15986
912738
stories
series
54
Hermione Granger is a character from the Harry Potter stories.She is one of Harry s best friends, usually with Harry and Ron Weasley. Her parents are muggles not magical though she is very clever and a very good witch. Her apperence is made up of wavy brown hair, dark brown eyes, and slightly freckled skin. 

16133
140669
monkeys
moneys
238
right thumb Approximate worldwide distribution of monkeys. Monkeys redirects is linked to here. For the band, see The Monkees. thumb Cynomolgus Monkey at Batu Caves, Malaysia
Monkeys are a kind of primate. There a many different kinds of monkeys.They mostly live in trees. They usually eat fruits, leaves, seeds, nuts, flowers, insects, spiders, eggs, small animals, and sap from trees. Some monkeys are used for experiments, and they can be kept as pets. 

16133
141077
moneys
monkeys
245
right thumb Approximate worldwide distribution of monkeys. Monkeys redirects is linked to here. For the band, see The Monkees. thumb Cynomolgus Monkey at Batu Caves, Malaysia
CHUCNKY MONKEYS are a kind of GOOOBA. There a many different kinds of moneys.They mostly live in trees. They usually eat fruits, leaves, seeds, nuts like colton , flowers, insects, spiders, eggs, small animals, and sap from trees. Some monkeys are used for aexperiments, and they can be kept as pets. 

16629
360904
plucking
fucking
440
Double basses have a hollow wooden body which helps to amplify the sounds of the instrument amplify means to make louder . A wooden neck is attached to the body, and a flat wooded fingerboard is glued onto the neck. It usually has four metal strings which are strung with tension on the neck. How it is played In orchestra, double bass players bow the strings with a wooden bowstrung with horsehair, or pluck the strings with their fingers plucking the strings is called pizzicato .In jazz ensembles, the double bass is played pizzicato most of the time. However, some jazz players use the bow to play melodies on the double bass.they also slap the bass in jaz. To play different notes on the double bass, double bass players hold down the metal strings against the fingerboard with their left hand and then bow the string or pluck it with their right hand. 

16629
360905
fucking
plucking
440
Double basses have a hollow wooden body which helps to amplify the sounds of the instrument amplify means to make louder . A wooden neck is attached to the body, and a flat wooded fingerboard is glued onto the neck. It usually has four metal strings which are strung with tension on the neck. How it is played In orchestra, double bass players bow the strings with a wooden bowstrung with horsehair, or pluck the strings with their fingers fucking the strings is called pizzicato .In jazz ensembles, the double bass is played pizzicato most of the time. However, some jazz players use the bow to play melodies on the double bass.they also slap the bass in jaz. To play different notes on the double bass, double bass players hold down the metal strings against the fingerboard with their left hand and then bow the string or pluck it with their right hand. 

16731
72093
accessable
accessible
255
Echidnas are monotremes, which means they have mamory glands, but lay eggs too. They live on Australia and on New Zealand. The echidna has an unique way of protecting itself. With its long, sharp claws, they quickly dig a hole until only their spines are accessable.The preadetor won t be able to get to it without injuring itself. Spiney anteaters eat ants. They also eat other small insects. 

16928
928351
compliment
complement
418
It contains A Adenine G Guanine C Cytosine U Uracil The first three bases are also found in DNA, but Uracil replaces Thymine as a complement to Adenine. RNA also contains ribose as opposed to deoxyribose found in DNA. RNA is the carrier of genetic material in different types of viruses such as AIDS virus i.e. HIV HUMAN IMMUNO DEFICIENCY VIRUS and in that case called a retrovirus. mRNA mRNA, or Messenger RNA is the compliment strand of DNA.A single strand of DNA is a blueprint for mRNA which is transcribed from that DNA strand. DNA cannot leave the nucleus because of it s size, but mRNA can. Once transcribed, the mRNA leaves the nucleus and is attached to tRNA which attached to the Ribosomes. tRNA tRNA, or Transfer RNA is the compliment opposite strand to mRNA and attaches to Ribosomes to be translated into a polypeptide chain. 

17184
1076343
humerous
humorous
355
Bones of the limbs Arms and legs both have a thicker bone at the top and two thinner bones at the bottom. They both have a rotating joint at the top, and a hinge joint in the middle. The hands and feet have lots of bones and are joined to the arms and legs by small bones with sliding parts. Bones of the arms The upper bone is the humerus, which is like humerous so when people bang their elbow, they often say that they bumped their funny bone .The bone that sticks out at the elbow and runs down the outside of the arm is the ulna. The bone that is on the thumb-side is called the radius. Near the elbow, it is joined to the ulna in a way that allows it to rotate. 

17184
1076347
sheild
shield
226
The bones inside the foot are the metatarsals. The toe bones are called phalanges, like the finger bones. The leg has another bone. At the front of the joint where the tibia meets the femur is a small round bone like a little sheild, to protect the joint.It is called the patella. Skeletons in culture Skeletons as symbols A skeleton, or just a skull, has often been used as a symbol for Death. Skeletons and skulls can be seen carved on many tombs, from ancient times to the 20th century. 

17329
672411
bit
bt
196
thumb Waterfront harbour Cape Town is the legislative capital of South Africa. It is on the southern coast. It was originally called the Cape of Storms by Bartolomew Diaz, the Portuguese explorer bit was changed by the king to Cape of Good Hope.Category Capital cities in Africa
Category Cities in South Africa lij Çittæ do Capo nov Kabe Urbe zh-yue 開普敦 

17499
76044
siting
sighting
142
The javan tiger is an extinct type of tiger. It lived on the island of Java in Indonesia. It became extinct in the 1970-1990s. The last known siting was in 1972.

17756
740221
fishing
fish
481
It released more than 0.67 cubic miles 2.8 cubic km of ash and other material.Mount St. Helens – From the 1980 Eruption to 2000, USGS Fact Sheet 036-00 accessed 12 Nov 2006 The collapse of the north side of the volcano shrunk St. Helens height by about 1,300 feet 400 m and left a huge crater one to two miles 1.6 to 3.2&nbsp;km wide and half of a mile 800 m deep. The eruption killed 57 people, nearly 7,000 big game animals deer, elk, and bear , and about 12 million fish from a fishing farm.It destroyed or damaged over 200 homes, 185 miles 300&nbsp;km of highway and of railways.Tilling et al., Eruptions of Mount St. Helens Past, Present, and Future, USGS Special Interest Publication, 1990 accessed 12 Nov 2006 Between 1980 and 1986, more volcanic activity continued at Mount St. Helens, with a new lava dome made in the crater. 

17878
87720
buisness
business
418
Christian Johann Heinrich Heine born as Harry Heine December 13, 1797 &ndash; died February 17, 1856 was one of the most significant German poets of the 19th century.
right Heine was born into an assimilated Jewish family in Düsseldorf, Germany. His father was a tradesman. After his father s business failed, Heine was sent to Hamburg. His uncle in Hamburg was a very successful banker, so Heine started learning his buisness, but he droped it later on.Then Heine started to study laws at the universities of Göttingen, Bonn and at the Humboldt University of Berlin, but he was more intrested in literature than in laws. He took a degree in laws in 1825. At the same time he had decided to convert from Judaism to Protestantism. 

17933
794884
fund
found
230
thumb Alfred Nobel statue Alfred Nobel 1833-1896 was a Swedish scientist. He is best known for the invention of dynamite an explosive and for founding the Nobel Prize awards. He left instructions in his will that his money should fund the Nobel Prize.He decided to found the awards because someone had criticized his invention of dynamite as a harmful invention, with the potential to kill many people. He left 31 million kronor the Swedish currency to the award. He died two weeks after adding the part founding the prize in his will, he was always great at making dynimite. 

18059
233806
many
most
345
thumb right 250px Bodies of Armenians killed during the 1915 Armenian Genocide. The Armenian Genocide refers to the massacres of Ottoman Armenians during 1915 1917. The use of the word genocide is highly disputed as the government of Turkey says that the deaths happened because of war between the Armenians and Ottoman Turks. The Armenians and many scholars who say that the genocide did happen say that 1.5 million Armenians were killed by the Ottoman government.Category Armenia
Category History 

18138
771481
frends
friends
327
The Empire finds the Rebels and they have to leave the planet after a battle. Luke Skywalker finds Yoda, a 900-year-old Jedi Master and begins the training to become a Jedi. Han Solo, Chewbacca, Princess Leia and C-3P0 are caught by the Empire and Solo is frozen in carbonite. In his Jedi training, Luke gets a vision that his frends are in danger and tries to help them.He has to confront Darth Vader, and the two of them fight. When Luke fights Vader, he cuts off Luke s hand which he falls down a huge vent, where Han Solo picks him up. His hand is replaced with a prosthetic one, including nerves, muscles, and many more. 

18300
121843
exemple
example
311
A clique is a small group of people who like the same things. Most cliques are made by teenagers in high schools and colleges, and most of the time cliques are made by girls. Sometimes, people use the word clique to talk about groups of adults too, but they are usually talking about groups of politicians, for exemple.In a clique there is a person who tells everybody what to do called a leader , the people who do what the leader says called followers and people who are not liked by the leader called outcasts . A clique can be a good and a bad thing. It can be good because the people in it do things toghether and become good friends, but it can also be bad, because the leader may tell the followers to do things which are wrong, such as smoking cigarettes. 

18370
225624
beggining
beginning
396
If that individual wanted to specify that she were an American citizen they would be Mende-American, or Fulani-American, but not African- American. African-American is not synonymous with Black. African-American is a specific ethnic group and Black if anything is a term that would encompass many other etnihc groups throughout the Globe. Black has been used to describe African-American culture beggining in the late 1960 s to overtake the term negro.Logically however, if African-Americans equalled Blacks then Blacks from Africa, Asia, Europe and the Latin America, would not be Black. See Also African American Vernacular English category people 

18600
435312
temperment
temperament
459
Because they are so friendly, Golden Retrievers cannot be used as guard dogs, but they are good as drug dogs at airports and very good as service dogs for the blind People who cannot see . They also like people, so when they are left alone for too long, they get very sad and can cry. About Goldens Golden Retrievers are very good family dogs because they are nice to little children and do not bark very much. Goldens are known for their calm and easy going temperment.They are great family dogs and provide good companionship. They are very smart and can be easily trained. Golden Retrievers are very active dogs and need a lot of exercise. 

18757
340010
waves
raves
215
It is a chain of fast moving waves caused by fast changes in the ocean. A tsunami can begin when the rocks weighing as much as 20 tonne fall into the ocean. Usually, tsunami starts suddenly. It will begin as normal waves and change to a very big wave very quickly.The waves travel at a great speed across an ocean with hardly any energy losses. They can remove sand from beaches, tear up trees, damage houses and even destroy whole towns. The water will draw back from the coast half of the period of the wave before it gets to the coast. 

18757
340015
raves
waves
215
It is a chain of fast moving raves caused by fast changes in the ocean. A tsunami can begin when the rocks weighing as much as 20 tonne fall into the ocean. Usually, tsunami starts suddenly. It will begin as normal raves and change to a very big wave very quickly.The raves travel at a great speed across an ocean with hardly any energy losses. They can remove sand from beaches, tear up trees, damage houses and even destroy whole towns. The water will draw back from the coast half of the period of the wave before it gets to the coast. 

18867
1246098
artifical
artificial
130
thumb right Satellites send signals to this dish
A satellite is any object that orbits another object in space. Satellites can be artifical, or they can be natural.The moon is a natural satellite. Uses of man-made satellites include machines that relay television signals, take photographs, send telephone traffic, help with weather forecasting, space investigation, and pollution control. The first man-made satellite was Sputnik. 

19054
109870
symtoms
symptoms
96
Dementia is a disease affecting the nerves and the brain. It is more common in older people and symtoms include the inability to remember things.People who suffer from it tend to forget more things. People who suffer from it include Augusto Pinochet, the Chilean leader. Category Diseases 

19394
100225
gout
goitre
215
Iodine is a nonmetal solid element. It has a purple color and reacts with other elements to form chemical compounds. Iodine is really important for our body. If we do not get enough of it, we get a disease known as gout.When you buy salt from a store, iodine is sometimes added to make sure that we get enough. We can also take vitamins to make sure we get enough. There is a lot of iodine in the ocean, so some people get their iodine from seaweed. 

19403
280137
brain
bran
53
Fiction is a story which was made up in the author s brain.It is the opposite of Non-fiction, things that really happened or facts. Fictional can be for example literature, films, etc. Category Basic English 850 words
Category Literature 

19403
390238
bran
brain
53
Fiction is a story which was made up in the author s bran.It is the opposite of Non-fiction, things that really happened or facts. Fictional can be for example literature, films, etc. Category Basic English 850 words
Category Literature 

19521
188344
developement
development
289
Tropical cyclones can form in the Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the Indian Ocean, and in some parts of the southern hemisphere. The Coriolis effect causes circulation. Because of this, tropical cyclones rarely form close to the equator. Areas with cold waters do not see any tropical developement.Locations and times thumb 200px right A tropical cyclone in the Pacific Ocean on August 24, 2002 Tropical cyclones form in the north Atlantic, northern Pacific Ocean, southwestern Pacific, and Indian Ocean. Tropical cyclones may rarely form elsewhere in the world. The Atlantic Ocean has around ten hurricanes each year. 

19616
642121
Ducks
Dicks
152
Duckling links here. There is also the well known story The Ugly Duckling. Duck is the common name for several species of birds in the family Anatidae. Ducks are closely related to swans and geese.Other swimming and diving birds, like grebes and loons, are sometimes wrongly called ducks. A baby duck is called a duckling, and a male duck is called a drake. Ducks are aquatic birds. 

19616
642121
ducks
dicks
152
A baby duck is called a duckling, and a male duck is called a drake. Ducks are aquatic birds. They can be found in both saltwater and fresh water. Some ducks are bred and kept by humans.They are not wild ducks. They are kept to provide food meat and eggs , or to use their feathers for pillows and other items in the house. Especially in Asia, many people like to eat duck. 

19616
642121
duck
dick
222
Some ducks are bred and kept by humans. They are not wild ducks. They are kept to provide food meat and eggs , or to use their feathers for pillows and other items in the house. Especially in Asia, many people like to eat duck.Ducks are sometimes kept as pets. They are often kept by groups of people on public ponds for their beauty and calming nature. Other websites Some ducks of the world Category Anatidae zh-min-nan Ah 

19616
657934
Dicks
Ducks
152
Duckling links here. There is also the well known story The Ugly Duckling. Dick is the common name for several species of birds in the family Anatidae. Dicks are closely related to swans and geese.Other swimming and diving birds, like grebes and loons, are sometimes wrongly called dicks. A baby dick is called a dickling, and a male duck is called a drake. Dicks are aquatic birds. 

19616
657934
dicks
ducks
152
A baby dick is called a dickling, and a male duck is called a drake. Dicks are aquatic birds. They can be found in both saltwater and fresh water. Some dicks are bred and kept by humans.They are not wild dicks. They are kept to provide food meat and eggs , or to use their feathers for pillows and other items in the house. Especially in Asia, many people like to eat dick. 

19616
657934
dick
duck
222
Some dicks are bred and kept by humans. They are not wild dicks. They are kept to provide food meat and eggs , or to use their feathers for pillows and other items in the house. Especially in Asia, many people like to eat dick.Dicks are sometimes kept as pets. They are often kept by groups of people on public ponds for their beauty and calming nature. Other websites Some ducks of the world Category Anatidae zh-min-nan Ah 

19766
89121
plns
plans
413
Edinburgh airport is an airport in Scotland. It is served by many different airlines including EasyJet, BMI, CSA Czech Airlines , Air France, Lufthansa and many more. The airport has good road links to the city centre with a bus running every 10 minutes from the airport to the centre of Edinburgh, a number of taxis are always available. The airport is currently smaller in size to Glasgow Airport but there are plns to make it bigger in the future.Links The official ste 

19797
650819
recieved
received
192
It normally connects to port 80 on a computer. A more secure version of HTTP is called HTTPS. This contains https at the beginning of the URL. It encrypts all the information that is sent and recieved.This can stop malicious users such as hackers from stealing it. It is often used on payment websites. Category Internet 

19841
517758
moder
modern
71
thumb Brasília Brasília is the Brazilian capital city. It is a New and moder city.About 2000.000 people live there. Category Cities in Brazil
Category Capital cities in South America lij Brasilia nov Brasilia bat-smg Brazilėjė miests 

19903
514088
hunt
eat
209
thumb Long-jawed orb weaver spider Spiders are invertebrate arachnids that have eight legs, and produce silk. There are many different species of spiders. Some are smaller than a coin and some are so big they hunt small birds.Most spiders eat insects. They catch the insects either by building a spider web, or by using a thread of silk they throw at the insect. Sometimes they hide in holes in the ground, then run out and grab an insect that walks by. 

19907
1033692
rug
slug
79
thumb 180px Grass Grass is a type of plant that covers the ground like a green rug.If it gets too cold or dry, it turns brown. There is a family of plants called the grass family . The plants in the grass family are called grasses. 

19907
1084312
slug
rug
79
thumb 180px Grass Grass is a type of plant that covers the ground like a green slug.If it gets too cold or dry, it turns away and run. There is a family of plants called the grass family . The plants in the grass family are called brothers. 

20029
302615
own
use
238
Mackinac Island is an island in Lake Huron. It is part of the U.S. state of Michigan and is 8 miles 13 kilometers around. Many people go to see Mackinac Island in the summer because the island passed a local law that says that no one can own a car on the island.Everybody has to ride a horse or a bicycle. In order to get to Mackinac Island, vistors have to buy a ticket on a ferry boat. The boat ride has views of Lake Huron and the Mackinac Bridge. 

20029
1096582
vistors
visitors
315
In recent years, young people have been using roller skates or roller blades to get around the island. There is a narrow paved road that follows the 8 miles of shoreline. This road is for horses and their buggies , bicycles, skates and joggers or just people taking a long walk. In order to get to Mackinac Island, vistors have to buy a ticket on a ferry boat.The boat ride has views of Lake Huron and the Mackinac Bridge. Category Michigan
Category Islands of the United States 

20144
755893
avalible
available
462
When the bullet is moved down the barrel, a little bit of the gas behind the bullet is made to go up a small tube that pushes away the bolt. This is special because the person who is shooting the gun does not have to reload with their hand every time that they want to shoot the gun reloads by itself. The AK-47 used very many simple ideas from that were first invented for the M1 Garand rifle. This is a common gun used by terrirists because it is so cheep and avalible.Other websites AK-47 Museum virtual tour Category Firearms om AK-47 zh-yue AK-47 

20144
937722
stars
starts
121
It is famous for it banana mag. It shoots the Soviet 7.62 mm bullet. It is only accurate up to 300 meters. After that it stars to tumble and drop.Other websites AK-47 Museum virtual tour Category Firearms om AK-47 zh-yue AK-47 

20300
482603
canons
cannons
251
Technics The whole ship with all the oil reserves had a weight of 53.165 tons. It had a length of around 250 meters and the width was 36 meters. The ship had eight 38 cm canons which were named as the heavy artillery. The light ones were twelve 15 cm canons.Against aircrafts the ship had several FLAK canons. The plating of the Bismarck was very impressive for its times but for us today too. The thickest plating was around the heavy artillery. 

20376
1002353
easy
east
219
During the 5th and 6th Centuries the East and West became isolated from each other due to the invasions of the Balkan peninsula. They also had different languages. Latin was the most important language in the west. The easy mainly spoke the Greek language.Because of this, talking to each other was difficult. The West came under Frankish influence as opposed to Byzantine in the 700s. The Roman Catholic Church changed the Nicene creed. 

20607
1030282
money
honey
352
Glands in one s throat and face may get bigger and hurt. He or she cannot recover from being sick with other things, and a person can get muscle or heart problems. People who get bulimia Most people who get bulimia are women ages 10 to 25, people who play sports, gay men, or busy students. People who had bad things happen to them or who have lots of money are more likely to get the disease too.One is also likely to get it if he or she is smart or likes things to be perfect.http //www.eatingdisorderscentre.co.uk/iedc2.htm Sometimes, people think that only women get bulimia. This is not true. Men get them too,http //www.eating-disorders.org.uk/docs/males.doc but men usually do not tell anyone.http //www.eating-disorders.org.uk/docs/males.doc References See also Anorexia nervosa Category eating disorders 

20607
1150628
honey
money
361
Glands in one s throat and face may get bigger and hurt. He or she cannot recover from being sick with other things, and a person can get muscle or heart problems. People who get bulimia Most people who get bulimia are women, men and sometimes even depressed/anxious animals generally ages 10 to 25. People who had bad things happen to them or who have lots of honey are more likely to get the disease too.One is also likely to get it if he or she is smart or likes things to be perfect.http //www.eatingdisorderscentre.co.uk/iedc2.htm References See also Anorexia nervosa Category eating disorders 

20667
502090
park
part
353
An electrode is the part of the welder that the arc touches. Sometimes the electrode is used up by the welding, sometimes it is not. In SMAW, gas metal arc welding also called wire welding or GMAW , and some other kinds, the electrode is used up. The electrode is made of the same kind of metal that is being welded, and melts into the weld and becomes park of it.Because it is used up, it must constantly be fed into the weld. In SMAW, the electrode is a rod of metal with flux on it. There is more information on flux further down. 

20769
304063
acidic
dic
82
Acid rain is where chemicals in the air combine with rain and make the water more acidic.Normally, the pH of rain is about 65, which means it is a weak acid. Other chemicals can make this a stronger acid if they react with it. When this rain falls to the ground, it can dissolve building materials and kill fish in rivers and lakes. 

20769
304064
dic
acidic
82
Acid rain is where chemicals in the air combine with rain and make the water more dic.Normally, the pH of rain is about 65, which means it is a weak acid. Other chemicals can make this a stronger acid if they react with it. When this rain falls to the ground, it can dissolve building materials and kill fish in rivers and lakes. 

20774
1109051
saxophone
saxophonist
167
Charlie Parker born August 29, 1920 in Kansas City, Missouri , also known as Bird or Yardbird , is considered one of the greatest jazz saxophonists, specifically alto saxophone.Parker is thought to have created bebop. Parker, Charlie
category Grammy Award winners 

20794
1022363
astrology
astronomy
467
Some things that the alchemists learned about were important for other sciences, like chemistry. In 1980, an American scientist named Glenn Seaborg actually changed a very tiny amount of lead into gold with a nuclear reactor. But it cost much more to transform the energy to do this than the tiny amount of gold was worth. Alchemy was an important science because it helped create many other sciences that came after it, for example, Chemistry, Physics, Biology, and astrology.Alchemists not only tried to create gold but they also looked for self-purification and enlightenment. Category chemistry
Category Occult zh-yue 煉金術 

20978
151146
simulate
stimulate
43
Sildenafil is a medication for men used to simulate their sexual organs.It is also called Viagra,Revatio and in the Indian subcontinent Caverta. It was patented in 1996 and first made to sell in 1998. 

21085
319105
animals
animales
203
thumb A person jumping on a trampoline
A jump is when someone bend their legs and quickly straightens them. This makes them get off the ground . They either go up or up and to a side. Animals Almost all animals can jump.They jump to get food, escape danger, or to go places. Some animals jump differently than humans. The Elephant is an animal that can not jump. 

21085
347573
animales
animals
203
thumb A person jumping on a trampoline
A jump is when someone bend their legs and quickly straightens them. This makes them get off the ground . They either go up or up and to a side. Animals Almost all animales can jump.They jump to get food, escape danger, or to go places. Some animals jump differently than humanses. The Elephant is an aminal that cannot jump. 

21276
333224
spit
split
186
There are about 350 species of primates. All primates similar to humans in some ways. Many primates have hands with five fingers, with fingernails most animals have claws . Primates are spit into two groups simians and prosimians.Simians include monkeys, apes, and humans. Prosimians include Lemurs and Tarsiers. lij Primates 

21342
99123
cm2
cm3
113
Density is a unit that is the mass inside something for a volume. The most common two SI units for density are g/cm2 and kg/m2.A formula to find out density is density mass / volume. 

21557
316742
beautifull
beautiful
90
Malayalam is a language. Most people that speak Malayalam live in Kerala, in India. Its a beautifull language.A speaker of Malayalam is called a Malayali. An interesting fact is that you can meet a Malayali in almost all countries of the world. Malayalam /malayALam/ is the principal language of the South Indian state of Kerala and also of the Lakshadweep Islands Laccadives of the west coast of India. 

21639
189722
witches
bitches
225
Witches or magicians have often been seen outside accepted cultures and faith. They were therefore often faced with prosecution. In the Catholic church, the punishment for witchcraft is death at the stake. Usually, convicted witches were tied to a long pole, and burned alive.Especially in the Middle Ages this punishment was often applied. Among those punished in that way were people who did not do live peacefully with their rulers, like Jan Hus and Joan of Arc. 

21639
269136
outh
oath
197
A witch is a person, usually a woman, who practices witchcraft. A man that practices witchcraft is often called a warlockHowever this is a misconseption. A male witch is a witch and a warlock is a outh betrayer.Witches have often been seen outside accepted cultures and faith. They were therefore often faced with prosecution. In the Catholic church, the punishment for witchcraft is death at the stake. 

21646
101240
tals
talks
300
As of early 2006, it is under the control of nearby Israel , accoridng to some countries and the United Nations. But, for some Israelis and other groups, its territorial status is disputed. Currently, talks between the Israeli government, and the Palestinan National Autohrity are in progress. These tals are about the future status of the West Bank, and of the Gaza Strip.Category Countries 

21709
360690
churchs
churches
271
Limestone is a chemical sedimentary rock, made up mostly of the mineral calcite calcium carbonate CaCO3 . Limestones are easy to work with, so they are used for building architecture.Lime stone became most popular in the 19th and 20th centary for building things such as churchs, banks and houses.Category Geology zh-min-nan Chio̍h-hoe-giâm 

21820
1007634
food
boobs
68
thumb Two hotdogs with condiments. A hot dog or hotdog is a type of food.It consists of a sausage Frankfurter or Wiener , which is usually boiled, grilled, fried, or barbequed. This sausage is usually served in a bun or another type of bread. The most common type of hot dogs are made from beef and beef by-products, often in combination with pork and pork by-products. 

21820
1063715
boobs
food
68
thumb Two hotdogs with condiments. A hot dog or hotdog is a type of boobs.It consists of a sausage Frankfurter or Wiener , which is usually boiled, grilled, fried, or barbequed. This sausage is usually served in a bun or another type of bread. The most common type of hot dogs are made from beef and beef by-products, often in combination with pork and pork by-products. 

21914
453064
adaptions
adaptations
488
All algae have photosynthetic machinery ultimately derived from the cyanobacteria, and so produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis, unlike non-cyanobacterial photosynthetic bacteria. Algae are usually found in damp places or water. For this reason they are common in terrestrial as well as aquatic environments. However, terrestrial algae are usually rather inconspicuous and far more common in moist, tropical regions than dry ones, because algae lack vascular tissues and other adaptions to live on land.Algae can endure dryness and other conditions in symbiosis with a fungus as lichen. The various sorts of algae play significant roles in aquatic ecology. Microscopic forms that live suspended in the water column are called phytoplankton. 

21982
142131
Farenheit
Fahrenheit
122
The Boiling point of a substance is the temperature, at which the substance boils. For water, this is 100° Celsius or 212 Farenheit.Category Chemistry 

22016
343446
dieing
dying
239
Show rabbits can range in price from zero to thousands or dollars. Most show rabbits you will see will be in the 50-200 dollar range. Rabbits have very delicate heart, and can have heart attacks easily. Some breeders have reported rabbits dieing from heart attacks when they smell a bear nearby.Rabbits can also break their backs very easily if they get excited or suddenly frightened. Category Lagomorphs
Category Pets 

